[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/aywqa3/we_caved_heres_the_official_foreveralone_discord/
Yes, after a long debate, and *so* many requests, we have finally caved and created a discord room for our subreddit.  [You can enter by clicking here!](https://discord.gg/TvDz9jB)  Rules for the discord follow the same rules as the sub. If you have any questions or suggestions, let us know.
inb4 shitposts
While this is my main Reddit account, the name I use on Discord is different, and the one I most often use across many other websites and apps. That name is not associated with FA.  Just to be safe from doxxing, should I make a separate Discord account for this?
Nice. I hope some others can make friends there at least.  Question: Can we finally use the word di$cord without AutoMod wanting to kill us?
[removed]
Man that's like a 3rd of our modmail gone :D
Awesome I just joined. I hope I can make some more friends :).
Yay! I'm definitely joining this! Thank you!
at least you've finally stopped that guy going around pretending like he made a discord just for FAs.
Invite expired :/
Oh, this is going to be interesting to say the least.
Sounds great. I’ll try and drop By this weekend. It would be good to talk to fellow fa ‘ers
Yay!
what is discord?
yay.
Captcha is broken - I won't be joining this chatroom, apparently.
[removed]
You can do whatever you like. Most people in the discord don't have their Reddit names as their discord names.
Yes
[removed]
The invite is set to never expire
Imagine Skype but for gamers, but also it's pretty useful for just talking even if you aren't playing.
It's basically just a chatroom
Discord.  Haha! It worked! Take that AutoMod.
Was giving me an error earlier, tried it again and it worked
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/byosqf/about_the_sub_common_misconceptions_and_an/
Hello everyone and welcome to r/foreveralone ! Foreveralone was founded several years ago. It was originally a subreddit to share the forever alone meme, but somewhere down the line, it turned into an identity and a place where people who have been alone most of their lives could come and talk about their issues.  I'm here to clear up some common misconceptions that get asked in this sub as well as to explain the rules more in depth, and show how to give your posts appropriate flairs.  ##Common Misconceptions  **Why don't you hire an escort?**  What I find here is that for most users, it's not about sex. It's about finding someone you have a connection with and being able to trust someone that much to be able to be intimate with them. Paying for an escort, while not only expensive and risky, defeats the purpose of finding someone who wants you for you and will not solve the loneliness people feel here. Similarly, telling a girl to sleep with any willing guy also fits here. One night stands for anyone, payed for or not, do not fill the void for feeling loved.  **Have you tried lifting/exercise/shaving/changing clothes/showering/etc?**  This is demeaning advice. If you want to give a user here advice, ask them more about themselves. Assuming that the person has done nothing to change can be insulting, especially if that person has been doing these things for a while with no results, so to say. Blanket advice doesn't necessarily break any rules. It's just not useful because every user here has their own set of unique problems.  **Why is this place so toxic?**  Yes, I understand from an outside view it may seem like that. But in reality, it's just a bunch of lonely people venting and getting things off their chest. Realize that the users here don't act like this in real life. Personally, If I've learned anything, especially in the FA chatroom, most of the users here seem normal and do not "complain" about their lives 24/7. People see what they want to see, and more often than not, people come here with the notion that this place is toxic, misogynistic, hateful, etc. Are there some users here like that? Absolutely, but don't let the vocal minority drown out the rest of the people here who just have been given bad cards in life.  **There are starving children who have it worse than you, appreciate what you have**  While this may seem like a good way to put life in perspective, it doesn't really help the person who is hearing it. Everyone has it a little better than someone else, but that also means that everyone is a little worse off than someone else. Hearing that someone has it more worse in life doesn't make the person feel any better about their own situation and minimizes their life experience.  **Have you tried lowering your standards?**  People are allowed to have a set of standards. It's what keeps people from having unfulfilling relationships. It's not fair to anyone to ask out someone you're not attracted to on the basis of "lowering your standards".  **You're not entitled to an SO**  We know we aren't entitled to anything and we certainly aren't claiming that we are. People are just venting and wishing that they did have an SO. Wishing to be with another person ("I wish I found an SO") is not the same as being entitled ("I deserve to have an SO!!").  *These are just a handful of misconceptions that come to mind. I know there are others but I feel these ones are the more bigger ones.*  ## The Rules  **Rule 1: Be polite, friendly and welcoming**  Basically, just be nice please. Even if you are having a heated debate, there is no need to be rude towards each other, keep it civilised. We will not tolerate comments such as fuck off/you, get out, kill yourself, this is why you're foreveralone, or any other insult or harmful wishing you can think of. Keep the subreddit safe!  **Rule 2: Do not tell anyone they're not foreveralone enough to be here**  The infamous Rule 2. Let me explain as best I can. Being *foreveralone* is a made up concept and identity, it isn't so black and white. Because of this, it's hard to have a set definition of what is and isn't considered foreveralone. Being FA is more like a gradient of a thousand colors. It can span as far as a kissless virgin who has no friends and has never had an SO, to the person with no friends but paid an escort, to the person with friends but no SO, to the person who may have had a month long relationship years ago but is now in their 30s with no hope of the future. The list can go on and on and the experiences of people vary too much to say "you're not FA enough". I find the best "definition" of FA is this: *Someone who has a very difficult time creating or maintaining relationships, either platonic or romantic. Someone who suffers from chronic loneliness*  **Rule 3: Do not post inflammatory comments or threads designed to generalize, demean, insult or otherwise degrade an entire group of people**  Generalizations never turn out well and should be avoided as much as possible. For example, the generalization that all FAs are fat, unclean neckbeards hurts because, obviously, the people here are not like that. So please, don't generalize other groups of people, there will be people who don't fit the so called description.  **Rule 4: Any incel references, slang, or inference will be deemed hate speech and met with a ban**  This is *not* an incel sub. We do not affiliate ourselves in any way with incels. There is a clear distinction between Foreveralone and incels, to say otherwise is being ignorant. Slang such as "femoids, black pill, cuck, etc" are not allowed and will most likely end up in a ban.  **Rule 5: Avoid posts that serve only to advertise other subreddits or external sites**  There are plenty of other more suitable places to advertise websites and r/foreveralone is not the place.  **Rule 6: If you see trolling, report it**  Trolls are not welcome and usually break most of the rules when posting. Please [report any trolling](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23ForeverAlone&subject=Trolling) you see to the mods and we will deal with them. *Do not engage with them.*  **Rule 7: Any posts created to intentionally start drama on any subject will be removed. This also includes Meta conversations about the sub or Moderation Policy.**  Threads that call out users or other subreddits are not welcome. Keep your vendettas to yourself. All these kinds of threads do is attract brigades and they always turn into a flame war. *They will be removed.* If you have questions about the moderation policy, you are welcome to [message the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FForeverAlone) about it.  **Rule 8: Don't post your dick**  Yes, this happened one too many times for it to be rule. Nobody here wants to see it, and there are certainly way better places to post those kinds of pictures. This goes for any kind of explicit NSFW post.  **Rule 9: If you have been muted by the mods during a PM conversation, don't message their personal account**  If you happen to have been muted, there certainly was a reason for it. Messaging a mod directly in their personal Reddit account amplifies the issue and can end up in a ban.  *I hope this post can clear things up for you fellow redditors. If you have any other questions, don't hesitate to send me or the mods a PM.*  ##Link Flairs  There are three tags that you can give to your post, depending on what you are writing. Make a thread, just as you normally would. Once you submit, you will see an option saying "flair" right under your thread (after the report and nsfw tags). Click this and three options will show up. Click on the most appropriate one and save it.  **Success Stories**: any success, whether it's getting a date or getting a girlfriend/boyfriend, share the story along with what you did and how you got there.  **Advice Wanted**: for threads where users can ask for advice on anything, from things to improve on to what to do on a date.  **Venting thread**: for people who just want to vent out their frustration about whatever is bothering them, and for those who do not want any advice, just people to listen.  If you have a post that *does not* fit any of these categories (for example, a song, picture, general discussion, etc), you *do not* have to tag your post!  To any users making comments in these tagged threads, please respect what thread you are commenting on. For example, we should not see advice giving on venting threads.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0syj1/why_do_you_think_society_finds_it_acceptable_to/
All of the mental illness that surrounds being forever alone like depression, social anxiety, ASD, etc. are taken pretty seriously. That said, being a 30-year-old who has never had anything that even approached resembling a girlfriend makes you the butt of every joke. I wonder if these same people realize that the aforementioned situation leads to and is likely caused by the same mental illnesses that they wouldn't dare make fun of.  I'm not saying it's wrong to make jokes about our situation. I don't think there are any groups that are immune to being lampooned. But it feels like people like us are made fun of without people understanding how serious our situation is. People can make jokes about cancer, rape, war, etc., but everybody understands that those are serious problems and they have real victims.
Most people have a pack mentality. It’s their natural instinct to act condescending to those that appear weaker than them.
There's a difference between caring and condemning. I think the difference is that they're not caring for people having mental illnesses of any sort, they're rather condemning the ones making fun of it.  The same goes for overweight people: it's okay to condemn them because how could they not be responsible ? (Not thinking that myself btw, just putting myself in normies shoes) We are similar: if you're alone then it's because you're too lazy/too ugly/too uninteresting etc. On the other hand mental illnesses are usually perceived as hereditary I'd say so people suffering form it can't be blamed and therefore it's accepted to blame the ones making 'fun' of it.  Also worth mentioning that there is some blame for depressed people, probably because here also misinformation might make people think it's a self-inflicted problem.
I will probably be downvoted for this but the very same lack of charisma/social skills that makes it harder for FAs to date also makes it so they are less likely to get empathy I think.
I just read how Ideas and political stances are today’s luxury market.  So even though the market works on supply and demand, luxury items are unusual in that they are unnecessary expensive items purchased for the sake of status and showing off to your social circle.  Rich people love it when people are jealous of them, but recently the luxury market has been taking a hit because our culture looks down on consumerism as well as putting less emphasis on physical goods since recently they are getting more and more easy to copy  And there’s a correlation between being rich, and supporting immigration, and noticed rich people loved telling everyone how much they supported immigration, because it makes them appear more virtuous, while at the same time, not being affected by immigration.  Rich people feel good when they get everyone to think they are good and virtuous people, which is the closest feeling they can substitute for making everyone jealous of them with their richness  Same for supporting mental illness, everyone wants to make themselves appear sympathetic because it will increase your own social credit among your peers, and since humans are naturally social creatures, we won’t even notice that we’re trying to emulate the same ideas as the pack
because it's not exclusive. plenty of people with these same mental health conditions have partners. if your mental health is what is stopping you from socializing and pursuing what you want, that would be as good of a sign as any to seek professional help.   as to why it's more common to make fun of incel types, it's usually because of their entitlement, delusions, and misplaced anger.
Because someone with cancer can’t change their outcome. You, if you really cared enough to change yourself you could. Here is my advice take it however you want. You want a girlfriend? Or people to find you attractive? You need to work out and focus on bettering yourself. That’s obviously attractive to women because it’s not an easy task. But it’s attractive because just based on your looks people can see that you are a determined person. No one likes to do it but putting yourself in temporary discomfort will allow other things in life to come easier (women). You have one life and it’s time to start being in control of it before it slips away. Doesn’t the thought of playing video games and sitting on reddit everyday give you depression? You’re wasting your life on a site that’s for losers and teenagers. Years go faster and faster once you hit 30. You need to pretend someone is following you around with a camera filming your success story. Because if it’s just sitting on reddit and waiting for time to pass than who the fuck would want to date that? Yes mental illness can make it harder to do shit but if you don’t start somewhere it’ll just get harder. You need to make yourself uncomfortable because thats the only way you can change.
I’ve noticed western cultures tend to put way too little weight in circumstance and assume people’s faults are their doing. Maybe america in particular.  Because honestly something being hereditary vs shit circumstances really aren’t much different. Either way its learning to deal with being dealt a shitty hand.
I don't know why you are downvoted, but you are right.  People generally only empathise with people if they shared similar experiences or if they were already emotionally close with them (like family for example).  This obviously doesn't apply to most people when it comes to FAs. Even people with mental health problems are only now slightly taken more seriously and despite being scientifically recognized with tons of research behind it, you still have people in this very comment section spouting bullshit about it.  When it comes to mental health we are still in the middle ages. We have some helpful resources now, but we still know very very little about it and society at large basically gives no shit about it.
Lifting or getting in shape won't necessarily help fas though to get dates.  (I think most people would benefit from working out for health reasons but that's a different matter) Physical discomfort isn't a real aid for a social skill deficit.   Now, social or emotional discomfort that one can recover from might be useful depending on the FA's issues like doing hobbies that have a large SOCIAL competent.  edit- also seen plenty of FAs posting about how they lift, exercise, etc and still can't get into a relationship.
I blame the individualist competitive nature within modern capitalism that really hammers down into a person and thus impacts the overall view of people.     When the value of everything in life is how much financial value a person can produce there is little room for empathy so if one person is healthy, successful has a partner and so on but another person is not clearly that other person is at fault for not "trying hard enough" or other sort of destructive mindsets.      If you think outside of this and more objectively you can easily realise it is more external factors which directly result in a persons success or failure in life and in a more community orientated society those left behind will often give a hand to those failing but this mindset is labelled as some kind of boogey man these days as "Communist, socialist, liberal" or whatever the fuck.
I completely disagree. The opportunities that come once you work out hard are massive. Your confidence in yourself improves as well as the people that see you. It’s a massive step above others. Looking good directly relates to feeling good and feeling confident which allows people to feel more at ease with conversations in relationships and at work. If you have consistent workouts where you’re sweating and exhausted you sleep better you get less irritated by daily things. The body needs it and it’s not stressed enough imo. It’s miserable for a long time but it pays itself off.
[${URL}] https://i.imgur.com/IsST88G.jpg

I generally got ghosted the moment I tried to ask her on a date. Like she was perfectly fine talking to me online, but the idea of actually meeting is apparently a step too far.
Some people say she is still walking the dog.
Morgan Freeman voice:  "She did not figure it out."
If you have any bit of optimism or spirit left, the dating sites will crush what remains of it.
i found that guys down bad Twitter account and the ones where the rejection while painful is direct is not something that happened to me very much when I used dating sites. Some women were direct and I appreciated their honesty.   Has anyone who tried dating sites have this happen to them many times because it did with me.They tell you that you are going to have a date but then ghost on you out of nowhere. They will agree to the date but then say something like got to go, will text you later but you never hear from them again. I would have had many more dates but seemingly most used this tactic. You agree to a date but they ghost on you sometimes right before the date. Multiple people agreed to dates and on the way to the date they say they can't make it but they would reschedule but instead you never hear from them again.  That's what happened so many imes o dating sites. You agree to a date but they either cancel and ghost or agree to the date but ghost on you right before the date and sometimes they even stand you up which happened to me a couple times.   I don't understand if you aren't interested in someone, just tell them instead of saying yes and ghosting. I know some men don't take rejections well but hit hurts when they ghost on you right after showing interest. I can't be the only one who has had that happen to them.
When they bail on you last minute, have SOME SELF RESPECT! Unlesee they are really apologetic and offer a specific reseachule date, you should just block the flaky person and never talk to them again! Nobody should be treated like that. Remeber: you decide how you are going to be treated!
Im pretty sure she knows when you screenshot or screen record. Thats one annoying thing about snapchat
I have been on many dating sites/ apps and rarely got any matches
Don't have time for people like this, I'd rather just be told 'No' upfront than being told 'maybe' when they've already made up their mind.
People that do this are the worst.  I've been ghosted so many times it's not even funny
I could never even get a reply on any dating site. So at least they are communicating with you.
maybe when she saw that you tried video calling her or took a screenshot of the chat she took that as a red flag
If you get bailed on without  a good reason (or even an explanation in this case?) it's best to just stop, move on, block that person if need be. She has no respect for you or your time. Being a  low self-esteem pleaser does nothing in the long run.  I mean what is she figuring out?  Anything other than an enthusiastic yes  followed through with action is a 'no' IMO.  Of course that means a variation of 'no' is probably going to be  all we ever get, but at least we save ourselves time and dignity.
Wait, you guys get to talk to girls on those?
I get ghosted after sending my picture
Of all the perfectly good men looking for perfectly good women the only ones this girl catches is the trashfish. Just wanna fuck for now now and work up to a relationship. 😖
Oh yes she did
More likely Anotherguy784 figured it out.  The idea a person can walk their dog and meet a new partner is crazy, but reality for western women at this time.
People are just bad. They can't just be open and honest. Nowadays dating is all about ghosting.
> I don't understand if you aren't interested in someone, just tell them instead of saying yes and ghosting   the violent menz might get nasty ... etc. etc.
It’s not you or them. It’s the price our society pays for men being dicks (or worse) to women who outright reject them.   Sounds like you are getting girls’ attention so I wouldn’t sweat it. Just keep trying and you’ll find Anothergirl784 .
Thats a lot of assumptions based on one conversation. Do you have a crystal ball to provide the lotto numbers, too?
Given she bailed, it just sounds like a rejection without explicitly saying so. (And given she bailed, the guy deserves better than her anyway)
agreed with this 100% people mostly dishonest and manipulative
I dont think it's too ridiculous to contact them via an alt and call their ass our. Just because they're dishonest cowards doesnt mean they get to comfortably escape consequences
> It’s the price our society pays for men being dicks (or worse) to women who outright reject them.  The irony is I'm not sure it exists outside of "everybody knows" and "anecdote" and "I saw a movie one time and ..."
Its not him, Its pretty much them though. Theres no excuse for dishonesty.
This is from my sad experience. 😞
Thats a brilliant way to get screenshotted and ridiculed. The smart option is to move on. Them being cowards speaks about them and it isn't your worry. They will have their own issues in due time. You trying to enact consequences screams red flag at that point.
That's exactly why they do the behavior.
What can we do for revenge and justice? Do we need to insult them? Or is there a better option
I'm curious, do you just not want to believe it exists or is there another narrative that you're pushing for? It took me exactly 5 minutes to Google and find this statistic. You could as well but there appears to be something stopping you.  "Younger women, in particular, stand out for how likely they are to encounter these behaviors on a dating platform. Six-in-ten female users ages 18 to 34 say someone through a dating site or app continued to contact them after they said they were not interested, while 57% say they have been sent a sexually explicit message or image that they did not ask for. At the same time, 44% of these younger female users say that someone has called them an offensive name via these platforms, while 19% report being physically threatened by another user. Each of these figures is substantially higher when compared with the experience of male online daters across age ranges, as well as that of female users ages 50 and up."  https://www.pewresearch.org/internet/2020/02/06/users-of-online-dating-platforms-experience-both-positive-and-negative-aspects-of-courtship-on-the-web/
There’s plenty of evidence, you just have to be willing to accept it and not take it personally.  If you’re the kind of person who needs to see it to believe it then you should try playing the girl for a bit on a dating site.
I see, that is unfortunate. The good news is that experiences can change. The past doesn't have to be the future
The problem is this is a persistent issue that keeps getting worse and worse. It isn't reserved for people that are uncaring and disrespectful. Everyone does it now. It needs to be interrupted. It's fucked up. Granted, if a person you barely know ghosts you, that's one thing. But if it's someone you've known for a while and gone on a few dates or slept with, it's really classless and rude. I get nobody likes confrontation but I say suck it up, be the better person, and don't lead them on without any closure. Worse to comes to worse, block their asses and forget about them
Its online dating bro. Revenge and justice? You're taking it way too seriously. Move on
That is not what's happening here  though is it. They agreed to dates with the OPs,  bailed with no explanation, or are  happy to keep  them in  orbit while they 'decide'.  Stop making excuses for awful behaviour.
> while 57% say they have been sent a sexually explicit message or image that they did not ask for   Is anyone suppossed to care? Seeing a picture isn't going to hurt you. Reading a not even mean message isn't going to hurt you.  Yeah yeah yeah, guys sending dick pics are stupid, but you aren't injured in any way, shape, or form from seeing it, so who cares?
I'd be willing to compromise that if someone were trying to design a system to maximize the amount of guys being jerks to women who reject them, the result of that thought experiment would be indistinguishable from a dating site.  Yet as a counterproposal a mostly-anonymous dating site would be the safest environment for a woman to meet weirdos; they can't do much for obvious reasons other than send naughty messages.  IRL, from what I've seen, with a bias toward dating at work, guys who are jerks have a pretty rough time with HR and as such are extremely rare and literally newsworthy "in the wild".  But if someone insists on doing their dating at the equivalent of a dark alley at 2am, they're gonna have a much rougher time, I would agree with that observation.  Kind of like trying to argue if "the outdoors" is safe or not.  Sure, dark alley in the bad part of town at 2am not so much, also, sure, the suburban shopping mall at 2pm is very safe indeed.
Not for lack of trying. I just wanna cuddle once in a while and have someone fun to chat with.
There's no way of calling it out without it being turned back on you and twisted into a male entitlement narrative.   It's best to just give  no more attention. After all attention  - without any  obligations for decency in return - is  what they want. Withholding it is literally the only power we have.
I imagine no guy near you has wanted the same thing?
So if someone knows you really like them and you've been spending a lot of time with them, is it okay that they just pretend you don't exist entirely? I get you're not into them but to completely write them off like you don't care them is awful and they don't deserve it.
If they have it was a missed connection 😫
It's not okay, but there's nothing you can do about it, nothing that won't be used against you and make things worse. Using an alt account to  push for an explanation will not help.  You could end up having your name smeared among her friends or on social media. If they had any intention of being honest they would have been in the first place.
What do you think is your biggest obstacle to the elusive cuddles and chat?
Having no time to meet for said cuddles/chat. Just me watching two kids no daddy help
Ah, thats definitely a big obstacle. No family that can watch the kids?
Typically yes—-but with covid that Avenue is closed.
Ah the old waiting game, may you find success once things open up
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0c246/it_doesnt_get_any_better_with_age/
I just turned 35 last week and I unfortunately have to report that things don't get any better later in life. You always hear those that spout the clichéd talking points talk about how "it'll happen when you least expect it, there's someone for everyone, etc." I've been trying pretty hard for a long, long time and am no closer to happiness now than I was 15 years ago. And the longer you live, the harder it gets to care and to try.
I'm about to turn 30 soon. I don't really try, but the only option is dating apps and just don't want to do all that again. I've had my chances growing up. Just not very social person, unfortunately. Genes+ how I grew up made me too socially anxious to function in some respects.
Yeah, the reality of life set in for me at 30.  You work nonstop, you get sick, your car breaks down, life throws random challenges (pandemic anyone?).    And you're all on your own for all of it.  No break in the neverending hardships that is life.  No good to balance out all the disasters life throws your way.  This is how it's going to be for the rest of your life.
There is not someone out there for everyone. Not at all. Not even statistically. When you least expect... you die instead, or live enough to see everything becoming worse.
I'm 41, it's harder now then it's ever been.
Same here. 30. It won't get any better so stopped trying.  Today I skipped work. Not because I am ill or I felt lazy. The reason is I had a dream that I had a woman lying next to me and we were cuddling and chatting and all that stuff. After the alarm woke me up, I turned off my phone, sent an email for leave and continued with my "dream". Started crying some time later for some reason, so left the bed. Made a cup of coffee and now I am doing stuff trying to figure out what is wrong with me.
Rip man, I understand what you’re going through
Im 21 and considered sitting outside last night so that I would die of hypothermia, but when I researched it I found that there was too much of a chance that I would survive and just give myself frostbite. Life is so pointless without a partner. I don’t want to be here.
Do you even have a pet? Pets help
I don't know. I'm approaching 41 and becoming more content. I mean, I still have self esteem issues but am getting better at making the most of things that aren't focused on my problems. 🤷‍♂️
Honestly, if you haven’t established a solid group of friends and settled down with a girl by your late 20’s, it’s most likely game over. At 30, most people are more focused on their careers and financial responsibilities. They already have an established group of friends and have settled down with the girl/guy they want to spend the rest of their lives with.
All these saying are just their way of avoiding the issue. Then again it's not them you are talking about so they couldn't care less
Agreed. You just become colder and more indifferent to everything, which affects your quality of life in most respects. I'm 33 and this is my experience anyway.
I married at 37.
I'll be 42 soon.  Even if I lucked out somehow I feel it's too late now to experience this as a 'first'. Doesn't help that I'm not all that attracted to women near my age.
Thanks for sharing.
Yup, that's the truth.
I’m 23 and never had a gf.  I have a lot of insecurity issues that really mess up any chance of relationships.  At work a few girls want me to “choose” them but I just can’t commit because I’m a loser lol.  Being a virgin the last thing I want is girls at work talking about how wack my sex game is lol.  I wish I could find someone out of work but that’s nearly impossible.  I just save all my money and treat myself to whatever I like but everyone around me is starting to think I’m strange for not having a gf.  If it wasn’t for peer pressure I would probably never even try to be with anyone.  I hope your life is much better than my pitiful existence.  I’m not sad or anything I’ve accepted I’m a loser to the ladies but it would be nice to have someone to actually care about.  If I get a dog I will really never need a human since I love dogs so I’m waiting on that for now.
They can lie to you long enough to get you out of their sight.
I just turned 40 and it's still a roller coaster for me.  Like the saying goes, "life is what you make of it".  I just try my best to get through the bad days and find the good where I can.  You can be content and/or happy on your own if you have the right mindset.  Good luck.
You have to be realistic that sometimes there may be insurmountable barriers to something you want in life. I don't know what your hurdles are in finding a mate - maybe you could work around them, maybe not. You are choosing to make this goal a requirement for happiness.
Facing tomorrow is really making me anxious.. now i don't want to care anymore.. i don't care if i stay overnight and don't show up to work the next day.. i don't care if I will be having an accident on the road.. i don't care if I will die tomorrow.. i don't care whether i will reincarnate or just go to afterlife.. this life is meaningless for me
ok thanks for telling us, thought things would get better for a second lol. nvm ig!!
yes, yes
I feel sad now and hopeless. What am I gonna do...
I turned 36 (F) two weeks ago and I completely disagree with you.  If you wanna be happy, you have to find peace within you first. Work on you to be a better you for you and not for someone else. Learn to enjoy being who you are, learn to love you, learn to take care of you. I’m single and I’m happy this way. If someone doesn’t come, I don’t care. I love me too much to suffer for someone who maybe doesn’t even exist.
I’m 35 myself and I’ll test I’ve been single for 3+ years and been trying for 3+ years to find somebody love or anything. And I’ll say three years when I was 32 I can’t find nobody people are to focus on themselves in their own problems rather than bother to get to know you as a person and treat you as a person instead of some invisible object that just exist. I am the pandemic hasn’t helped. So I’m at a loss of how to find love in this world nobody wants to meet the real world they just wanna go on video chat hold and cuddle a woman and actually experience love again before I die you know
The overwhelming majority of guys I know who've had it harder than average when we were in our early 20s have pretty much given up by now.  One thing to note, though, is that the dating game HAS changed.  I've noticed that even average looking guys today are having a hard time, where just 20 years ago, they did okay.  These older folks who say "it gets better with age" are a bit out-of-touch with what's going on today.
I mean there probably is someone for everyone but to find that person is pretty hard
[deleted]
[removed]
I'm 25 and my body count is only three. I'm kinda just over it at this point and while I've never considered paying for sex or "the girlfriend experience", it's very tempting now.
Feel you my brother.
Same here, almost 30 gang.
That is so true, you are all alone for all of it and it really is something hard to accept.
Yeah life sux Nd if I have to put up with this till I'm old I'll probably wouldn't mind dying early
Perfectly put. Been thinking about this a lot lately. Life is exhausting when you have to do it all alone.
I wish so badly that I could be aromantic. I cannot comprehend how people are okay with going through all of this without anybody. I get rejected several times a year by one guy who I’m so in love with who is happy to fuck me and hang out but has 0 interest in romantic relationships. Every guy I meet is like that. It fucks with me so much. It’s such a cursed existence to be adequate to have sex with but never good enough for someone to pick you as their partner. I’m not happy just having friends and hobbies. There is no point to surviving without a partner. I’m only here until my grandparents die.
If everyone knew this
oof :/  Does the pain get any better? Is it easier to accept the situation than before? Cus' I don't think I can handle it getting harder...
Turning thirty this year and you made my eyes swell up, bro.
This dream might come true someday... you never know...
I feel ya, man. But as someone a lot older than you, please try not to give up yet. Im not one of these thats gonna fill your head up with false hope, but I absolutely wasted my 20's being lonely, try not to do the same.
Yeah, I have a dog. He helps a bit with my loneliness but is no substitute for human interaction.
Dont mean to be insensitive about this, but maybe its just cause Im pretty optimistic in nature - I really dont see how in any way shape or form life is "over" when you turn 30 in terms of your reality, or you dating life really.   Life is all about action, you get out what you put in a lot of the time. So Im a big proponent of that.   Whats stopping you from getting out there, making new friends, getting new hobbies and making a new life for yourself? If the people around you have all started settling down, its time to start meeting new people and establishing new circles, and it's definitely quite possible.  I'll be 30 myself soon, but it's a question that's worth asking yourself.
Youre absolutely right. I think 30 is a pretty good goal post for having your life in order. I have no interest in waiting to find love and happiness when I'm too old to enjoy it.
Congrats! Where did you meet your wife/husband?
Youre the exception to the rule, obviously.
Because its the biggest piece missing from my life.
I mean, when you're single all the way to your 30s people think there's something wrong with you.
I'll never be able to feel that way about myself. I guess that dooms me to be alone forever, hence why I'm posting on this sub.
Youre absolutely right. The advent of online dating and social media has killed most chances for even an average guy. Now, women can essentially customize exactly what guy they want, from hair color and eye color to how much they make in a year. The dating pool for average and below average men gets smaller by the day.
Im not going to live life hoping that I'm going to find love in my 50s. Fuck that. Humans aren't meant to live that way.
It's not like OP is having any luck getting into a relationship. There is not even a choice to be or to not be involved in a relationship in the first place, and I am not even sure if OP is a man.
Bro your body count is higher than that of every commenter in this thread combined lmao
Well most guys can’t even get someone to have sex with them so you’re pretty privileged in that regard
Sorry to say it doesn't get easier.
Sigh. I really don't wanna turn 30. There wont be a party. It'll just be a day of light being shown on how depressive and empty my life is. I'll probably spend it drinking alone like on my 25th. And then I'll officially be the guy in his 30s who could never find an SO, surpassed by every single character that starred in the sad story of his life.
Can I ask what you would have done differently in your 20s? I know I’m supposed to see the world and have hobbies even though I don’t have a partner, and I’m kind of doing those things, but it doesn’t make me any less miserable. I feel like some people are wired to need partners to be okay and im not sure if it’s possible for me to be happy without one.
Because if you didn’t make any friends in your single digits, 10s or 20s, what’s going to change in your 30s?  What’s stopping me from getting out there and making new friends? General and social anxiety, awkwardness, inability to start or maintain a conversation, etc.  Getting new hobbies? Limited general abilities and terrible motor skills.  Making a new life for myself? Money and a new job so I could move the fuck out of this state and go somewhere else
Totally agree. So many people I know have found love after 30. And most of my closest friends I met after I turned 30. And what about people who move to a new place? I guess making new friends is out of the question? Lmao ridiculous
Agreed. Once you're past a certain age, the pool of women actually start getting populated with really quality women that are coming out of bad marriages. For the girl that married the jock from high school that became a lazy cheating alcoholic, the awkward/intelligent/nerdy/loyal type is what she knows she wants now.
Right? Honestly one of the worst things you can do is tell yourself it’s always gonna be hopeless because you’re “too late” for some reason. That’ll probably be a self fulfilling prophecy.
Why? I wouldn't say it's that unusual to get married at 37
About 5 years ago I would have said the same, but I’ve learned to get meaning from things within my grasp.  You make it sound like you’ve lost hope. So why not try a new approach, or 8 new approaches? Whats there to lose? Hell, doing the same thing is the only way you won’t get past it.
Still not impressive and I’ve had to lie about it before
Casual sex isn’t worth anything if all it does is damage you and make you feel more alone. I know to an extent it’s nice that I can go have sex with someone and then want to kill myself afterwards but...I still want to kill myself afterwards. It’s just a shitty cope and a form of self harm.
My situation is a little unique, I guess. I spent my 20's pining after a woman that acted like she wanted me but ultimately didn't. She essentially lead me on for about 8 years and then dropped me. So I look back and think of how many opportunities I missed out on. And like you, I thought I did pretty good in my 20s, I traveled a lot, had lots of friends, was pretty outgoing, its just that nothing ever clicked as far as finding a relationship.
Met my wife when she was 27 (I was 22). We fucked around for a decade and didn’t have a kid until she was 37. There’s absolutely plenty of life after 30 even if you are still searching for someone
It's very unusual to get married for the first time at 37
Its not unusual, it's just not something that fits into the timeline I see for myself.
Yeah, ive lost hope. Its hard to convince yourself to try new things when you don't have the motivation to do so. I mean, yeah, I know that if I went out and talked to 100 girls, I could probably get at least one phone number or date, but you can't push yourself to do it when you don't have the gumption anymore.
Why would you lie about it? Like bigwilly39 has stated, your body count is higher than all of ours combined on this post and that is NOT an exaggeration.  You may have issues but none that we can relate with, you’re on the wrong sub. Sorry, we won’t be able to help out.
Okay but sex is literally one of the greatest pleasures known to the human experience, and you have no trouble acquiring it? I know that it’s hard for you to place yourself in a guys shoes but just try to imagine how you’d be feeling if NOBODY wanted ANYTHING to do with you, sexual or relationships-wise. Imagine how you’d feel. That’s what most guys have to live with. So that’s why I’d consider you privileged in that regard.  And by the way no offense but whenever I hear that “every guy I meet is like that” aka every guy wants you for sex line.......you’re probably choosing the wrong dudes. There’s droves of lower status/less attractive guys who’d be willing to date you, but you’re not even considering them. Simply go on tinder as a girl and see what I mean.   When you complain about guys using you for sex and then leaving, I’m gonna have to assume that means you’ve been chasing all of the most attractive/popular guys who are wanted by other girls —- thus their flaky behavior  I obviously don’t know your life, but having a sister and hearing her and her friends talk about dating this usually seems to be the case with most girls
I’m kind of in a similar situation...It’s been almost 2 years of allowing myself to be in love with someone who I am now positive I’ll never have a relationship with in spite of things he’s said to me in the past. It’s so hard to drop them but it’s better to waste 2 years than 10...thank you for your perspective.
It’s definitely hard. I kind of wrote a whole wall of text before realizing it’s simple.  Look around for a show, game, podcast, something that allows you to take a new perspective, to see your goals and values through a different lens.  Kurzgesagt’s “The Egg” for example. Its things like this that might let you see motivation you already had, but were pointing in the wrong direction, or maybe you were valuing the utility of dating instead of the purpose or contentment you could get from it.  It sounds like a platitude, but you just have to do it. You can’t keep momentum & move forward day to day without getting started.  No offense to you personally, but our minds can be incredibly stupid/unreasonable. If you don’t have many people you’re close to, it might be hard to see things in a different way which is a huge benefit when it comes to something like personal motivation.
Has to be some kind of joke but yeah other subs don’t think highly of this place either so I’m out
I wouldn’t say that I have no problem acquiring it. There’s one guy who I have sex with occasionally and as I said he has no interest in committing to me and really mistreats me both sexually and emotionally. I’ve had this problem in the past with maybe 2 other guys but it’s not like I’m having great sex every week with whoever I want and being treated kindly while it happens. Of course I only pursue people I find attractive, everyone does that. But I’m absolutely not chasing rich dudes with 6 packs if that’s what you’re implying. I literally just want someone intelligent who cares about me and who I can care about too.  But I understand that not being able to have sex at all is its own kind of misery and likely worsens the horrible feeling of no one wanting to commit to you. I still have horrible self esteem issues and nobody I have sex with cares that I enjoy myself; I really just feel used by them. But I’m sympathetic to your argument that sex is a human need to an extent and being able to fill that with an asshole is still being able to somewhat fill it. I just disagree that being able to have sex once a month or every other month with a guy who only cares about his own pleasure and pretends he wants to date me only to ghost me can be considered a wholly good thing with no nuance.
PIV sex is actually not one of the greatest pleasures known to **women**, though. It can be, but it requires a partner who communicates well and cares whether or not she's having a good time. There's a real "pleasure gap" between straight men and women when it comes to sex, so being able to get sex occasionally really does not improve women's lives that much.
It is hardly a joke tbh. And why would they? When others can’t understand or even fathom the problems of others, they tend to look down on them.
I don’t think you understand what this sub is. Your situation sounds much better suited to a relationships subreddit
So you can’t have sex with whoever you want, and that’s a problem? If a guy were to say something like that it’s a major issue of “entitlement” and “toxicity”.....  I’m sorry but this is another instance where your experience as a girl completely confuses me. You complain about the guys you sleep with treating you like shit, about them being emotionally assholes and yet you just admitted here you keep rewarding these guys who mistreat you by having sex with them? How do you think that makes us guys feel who are always told “just be nice, respectful and patient  to women and you’ll get sex and relationships”, when clearly the evidence is to the contrary.  And no I’m not suggesting that you chase rich dudes with six packs but usually when a girl says “yeah I wanna sleep only with guys who I’m attracted to” those guys are usually very attractive...because trust me there’s plenty of less good looking dudes who could give you the world but you said yourself you’re not looking for them. I just don’t understand
I don’t have relationships lol that’s why I’m here. I stay away from all talk about relationships because it’s upsetting as fuck knowing other people get to have that
It really sucks that I came to this sub to vent and I’m just being shat on. I feel like I’ve been respectful of your point of view but the fact that I have sex automatically makes my experience of crippling emotional loneliness invalid.  I don’t think I’m entitled to sleep with anyone I want. I’m not. You made it sound like I could have sex whenever I wanted and I just wanted to explain that that wasn’t true.  I’m not really interested in debating the ins and outs of my misery. Most people want to have sex and I’m not “rewarding” anyone by taking what I can get and being upset that it’s not enough. Wouldn’t you be upset if the only girl you could get was an emotionally absent and abusive person who only wanted to use you for sex? I don’t owe celibacy to anyone and I’m allowed to be bummed out that I can’t find a real relationship, the same way everyone else in this sub is.
You have the benefit of at least participating in an aspect of them, though. A very important one. No one is saying your pain isn’t valid, it just comes across kind of hollow to people who would die for even that small experience
Loneliness comes in many shapes. I perfectly understand you when you say you wish you could be aromantic. I've never had anyone. I'm one of those kissless dudes in his 30s. Doesn't mean your pain is any less real than mine. The dude replying to you is just telling you to shut up cause he thinks others have it worst than you, without knowing the first thing about you and your life so far. He's applying to you the same logic that even my well-intentioned friends apply to me when they try to make me feel better by saying that others a worst lot in life than me. He has the mentality of an incel. It's even there in his nickname. Don't waste your time replying to him. I hope you'll find some measure of happiness someday.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0n1ih/just_waiting_for_death_at_this_point/
I'm pretty sure there is no point in continuing this misery, but I can't just end it all because I have responsibilities.  Guess what, you don't have to be married to have responsibilities on your shoulder. All you need is parents who retired without notice and living off of savings they had which are exhausted now, and a brother who is jobless(also FA) even though he is 8 years older than me.  Being awkward and having social anxiety was already too much for me. But having the responsibility to earn for your family and parents at the age of 23 is pushing my limits.  Luckily, I have a job that pays me well, but my performance is not as good as it used to be because of depression.  Dating or finding a girl to talk to is impossible now that I look like some creepy overweight middle aged guy. I did lose weight but lockdown messed everything up again, it doesn't matter anyway because I'm also bald, so if I were to lose all the weight, I'd still be the same creepy middle aged guy just not fat.  I'm just waiting for death at this point, I'll probably just end it once my parents are gone. There is just no point in trying. I wish I could give my life to someone who actually wants to live.
It would be cool if life was like a trading item in a video game. I would give mine to someone who wants it in a heartbeat (assuming it's painless).  Do you cope at all? I've been watching movies with strangers online and it's been really fun for me.
Yea, I watch anime, it kinda keeps me going.
I’d recommend Studio Ghibli Movies and slice of life anime’s! It makes it better watching anime with Sunny Side Up 🍳. :D
I agree, currently watching Horimiya and Bottom-tier Character Tomozaki. Can't wait for the next episodes.
Fuck yeah, I'm watching both of those too.  Also watching Jujutsu Kaisen, Higurashi Gou, AoT 4, and Wonder Egg Priority. Wonder Egg Priority is super unique. Check it out man.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0prhr/when_did_you_move_out_of_your_parents_house/
I’m up for a promotion at work and if I get it I want to move out of my parents basement. I’m pretty scared but I can’t stand my parents anymore and I know I’ll be happier without them. When did you guys move out and what was it like?
I was 26, that was 12 years ago and allow me to voice my experience:  1. Its going to cost you a lot of money in the short term so make sure you have a least 2,000 to 3,000 dollars set aside for   * Rent and security deposit * moving expenses * Washer and dryer * A good bed and bed frame (don't forget sheets) * Flatware * some basic plates and bowls  * And some basic furniture  2. Make sure you do your research on where you are gonna live, look at what they offer and  how good the area is.   3. Set your rent and other bills on Auto pay so that your never late and check your bank account frequently to see where you are.   4. DO NOT BLOW YOUR MONEY ON FANCY TV'S, FURNITURE AND THE LIKE, YOU CANNOT EATH THEM.  5. If possible rent someplace that has a dishwasher  6. Always check to see what utilities are covered  7. Read the Bloody contract to see what you are labial for as far as damages  8. Make sure your not going to be bankrupt each month, stay within your financial means.   9. Your responsible for everything now, no one is going to hold your hand and take care of the place for you.    10. Have the fallowing cleaning supplies on hand when you move in  * Glass cleaner * A pumice stone * A good mop and bucket * Draino, or Liquid Plumber for your shower drain * New Shower curtains  * A toilet brush * Good paper towels * Indoor insecticide (watch for wasps and hornets) * Trash cans and good trash bags   11. Hope that your neighbors don't have boom boxes  12. Watch out for unchained dogs  13. Make sure you change your address  And above all...Enjoy the peace and quite and not having to deal with any drama at home.
First at 25 but then I ended up having to move back in at the end of 2016 until 2018 at some point. Can't remember the exact date
I moved at 28 ( a few months ago), in a house that I have built with my father. Nothing changed in my lifestyle excepted that I have no more money for anything and I have no more time to play video games.
I technically moved out like two years ago, but it was still into a family owned house. It wasn't far enough to escape my emotionally abusive mom though, so it didn't help very much.  The nice thing is that I can do my own cooking and laundry and as a result don't have to depend on my parents terrible and unreliable time management. I also had to do much less work since I only had to clean up after myself and couldn't be treated like a on-demand butler (and instead only like a on-call slave).  I'm searching for a new apartment now though and I'm honestly really hyped about it. I hate this house for a whole lot of reasons and I will actually life in a city and not some godforsaken town (and I will have finally some healthy distance from my parents).
I moved out sorta recently (november 2020) and i'm 27  Overall i'd say it was an improvement from living with my parents. I can basically do what i want when i want to. Yes that's selfish. I need to take care of most things like cleaning, laundry, food (can't really use the word cooking since i can't cook), shopping and so on but that's been overdue. Otherwise i live pretty minimalistic, i don't need much but i'm inside pretty much 24/7 anyway. My biggest problem is cleaning. Since i've moved out i see dust everywhere and i can't stand it, unfortunately i naturally produce a lot of dust.  I was hoping living on my own would somehow make me a bit more social/outgoing/confident, but that was not the case so far; if anything it's gotten worse cause i'm more depressed than ever.... and now i suddenly realize i've kinda contradicted myself and what i said at the beginning where i called it an improvement. But i think me being super depressed has other reasons
I haven’t moved out yet, but I’m still in college so I think that’s relatively normal. I don’t enjoy it since they can be controlling and toxic sometimes but it’s better than having to pay rent when I’m not staying on campus. I’m hoping to move out as soon as I can get a job, hopefully right after college.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0hw71/i_dont_even_know_what_id_even_do_if_i_got_into_a/
It's like a completely untapped frontier to me, I'm early 20s and haven't even had one yet. I know it's because I have social anxiety and hid inside the house during my teens.   Now that I'm slowly killing off the anxiety and opened up to socialising last year, I have 12-15 female contacts in my phone. I don't even know how to solve problems, for example this girl from China who I've been video chatting with got annoyed I didn't message her this weekend, apparently 'I don't care anymore'. I can't be bothered to deal with these issues that arise from such a small thing.  Rant over, I'm not ready for this yet, but I'll try.
What is awesome is that you are willing to try which is the hardest step. Now i don't know how your situation with the girl from China is like but everyone will be different in terms of how much attention they want and what not, however! Rather than worrying about somebody that is just a someone you're talking to, simply keep consantly increasing the ammount of people you communicate with but be sure to take breaks because if you don't you will end up exhausted! Congratulations though on working on yourself.
Good luck
> apparently 'I don't care anymore'  In my education on dating matters I had a ROUGH time with women who were in it for the attention.  Apparently I had honed my flirting skills to a level that they greatly enjoyed flirting despite having no interest.  Then I had a hard education on the pains and sufferings of the game "hot and cold".  I'm not saying her freaking out over not talking for a couple hours is 100% certain, but...  > I've got no experience at all  Well, the world is a big place and you wouldn't be the first guy to move from one culture to another.  So take a week off, visit Estonia or South Africa or Argentina and come back saying "sorry baby I don't know how dating works in USA I just got here from Estonia, you ever seen the Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in Tallinn?  Its pretty nice.  Thank God the globalists have not won, and there's still more than one culture on the planet.  Ironically I can't tell you anything about Estonia outside generic business meeting locations but a non-professional traveler could see some stuff there to talk about.  Sometimes I think this is what Normies mean by go travel.  If you spend a summer backpacking thru Estonia (maybe Finland too?) the local girls aren't going to expect smooth Estonian-boy behavior out of you because you grew up on the other side of the planet, and when you get "home" you can tell the local USA-girls you're basically Estonian with a likewise tolerant response.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0fry8/my_life_is_fucking_pointless/
I'm tired of this life. My only friend is getting married to a woman with kids so he has more important priorities than me right now. I'm happy for him, but at the same time I'm being left in the fucking dust right now. The only people I have contact with is just my parents. I don't talk to anyone else. I was bullied and treated like shit during my entire school life. Now I'm 28 years old and left with social anxiety and  severe distrust of people I wasn't already friends with. I've become a misanthrope. I can't trust anybody and I despise most people I come into contact with so I have no chance of ever meeting anyone be it a friend or relationship. I cut my self off from the outside world and I feel empty and emotionless each and everything. I don't want to commit suicide because I don't want to cause my parents pain but after they die improbably going to off myself. Everything about me and my life is a joke.
I know what you mean, my friend married too. He rarely talks to me anymore. I wasn’t bullied but i was totally ignored all throughout school.   I’m at the point now where I don’t even consider myself human anymore. Humans live life, I just exist. I’ve spent the last 9 years as a hermit, only venturing outside a couple of times a year. I just don’t see the point of trying. I’m not normal, and people can tell that from just speaking to me for a few minutes.  Suicide is only an option in a few circumstances. When I get too old to take care of myself and if I contract a terminal illness. I’ll just keep “existing” until then.
Life doesn’t have a point, you decide what gives life meaning. Or if you prefer, you “find” meaning, either way it’s on you and nobody else can do that for you. That said, feeling hopeless is entirely part of being human.  Start studying something, write a book, play a unique game, try VR, if you feel nothing move on to the next thing or reevaluate your perspective. If you don’t like where you are, what do you have to lose in changing things?  Idk, forgive me if im generalizing too much. Not having good friends sucks. But the internet gives you access to hundreds of millions of people. I never believed in the idea that we can’t have meaningful friendships online.
Life isn’t pointless. There are awesome things like video games, delicious cinnamon rolls, food, anime, cartoons, puppies, kitty, animals, Disney movies, People who want to love you.  You don’t have to be married. Your you. Your your unique beautiful self. You may not see it but  there’s beauty in you!  I’m sorry that you were bullied :(. No one should be bullied. I wish I could give you a big warm hug. Have you tried talking to a counselor or therapist online to let out your emotions and how you felt during your life? :(  I’m sure there’s a sub for making friends in reddit.
I think it is still better to be alone than marry a single mother to be a provider for someone else's kids. It is the most beta thing ever.  They do it with chads when they were young and beautiful, after they have "found themselves" and ready to "settle down" they find a loser to exploit. Don't be a part of this.
Dude, you're in a great place. You're evolving, and you will look back at this post and smile not a long time from now. Cheers
Evolving?! What the fuck kind of new age platitude shit does that even fucking mean?!
Get it out man. You're becoming a better version of you. That's right, just get out of your cocoon and be your new "you"
I'm trying very hard not to break several reddit tos right now.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0od1b/do_anyone_of_you_guys_think_that_your_height_has/
P. S - I already noticed that someone has downvoted it and I don't get what's so offensive about it but nonetheless, this was a genuine question and I ain't an incel guy or something like that!
I had a professional rewrite my dating profiles and had improved pictures taken. She gave me a refund since it didn't work. She thought it was my height. 😔
Personally i have a *lot* of other issues, i don't think my height is a problem   It's a legit question, don't worry.
It probably doesn't help that I'm 5ft
I feel like it's one of the reasons why I haven't really tried dating. I think if somebody told me that they would go out with me for literally every reason except my height, it would probably ruin my entire year. I don't want to subject myself to that.
As a guy you do get refused sometimes based on height. But almost every short guy I've ever known has had no problem finding a relationship.
It certainly isn't helping matters, but it isn't significant enough to be a major cause of my FAness, in my view.  Shit personality and poor social skills are still king in that regard.
I've been ghosted multiple times after saying my height but girls claim "height doesn't matter" so idk.
With the way society has been moving forward and is still moving, yes, height matters much more nowadays due to stuff like social media, etc. In general, standards have increased a lot and, if I’m not mistaken, the amount of “FAs” are also increasing.  You won’t believe how many people I’ve talked to (as acquaintances) that say that their minimum requirement in 6’4” or the likes, and that is absolutely insane.  For me, personally though, I’m just below 5’9” and I have other factors that hinder me (ugly face, anxiety, lack of empathy, too logical, etc etc) more than my height.
I'm 5'7". I know that's not great (couldn't just be 5'9" *sigh*) and filters out some potential matches, but on the plus side most of them would be shallow people anyway. Being 5'4" or below would definitely be a lot worse though, as that quickly runs afoul of the old school stereotype that the guy should be taller. At 5'7" it isn't too difficult to at least be a tiny bit taller than her, because the female average is something like 5'5". But for the girls taller than me I always figured it isn't worth trying.
Funny how short women go for tall guys because they don’t want short children, yet that’s how a lot of short men are born. Doesn’t matter if one parent is tall there’s still no guarantee that the child won’t be short.
Height doesn't matter
Who was the professional and how tall are you?
Height probably isn’t the number one deal breaker but saying it doesn’t matter is false. It matters to a lot of women.
5' 6"  Her first name is Emily. I don't think she uses her real name.   My looks are average.
I mean... you could say height matters but you can still be short and find short women...
I also believe that actually!!!
I’d say you’d have a better chance at getting a short woman but even short women like tall men. It all comes down to preference. I wouldn’t go as far to say if you’re short you have zero chance with women just that the chances will be lower.
You're deluded if you believe short women goes for short guys. Nope. It doesn't happen like that bro. Most of the short women goes for taller guys as obviously they don't want their kids to end up being a short person and honestly speaking it's totally justified I feel.
True. Not a lot of women like shorter guys
I've seen plenty of short couples...
I'm yet to see one actually. Most of my short female friends date men way above 6 feet lol.
Damn... must be sucks being short in your area
It does suck bro!!
Btw. What's your height?
5'4 man and yours?
Aight I see where you comin from.. I'm 5'6 btw. Atleast have personality, if you're a fun person to be around I don't see a reason a girl wouldn't wanna date you
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0sgts/how_to_deal_with_inevitably_disappointing_anyone/
People already have very low expectations of me but despite my best efforts I'll inevitably disappoint them even with these low expectations. How to deal with this?  How to come to terms with what I am and turn a new page? Keep going?
Personally I'd recommend visiting a therapist, it worked for me and a few friends I know.  Can do wonders when you open up and take the insecurities to a walk in the park :)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0bnly/working_on_yourself_doesnt_always_work/
There is this thing when seeking the company of other people, especially romantic companionship but failing to achieve that where the advice others might give you is to focus on yourself and forget about it.   That sounds all good and well, I mean self improvement is a good idea and I highly encourage it, but I feel like that advice doesn't fully help at times. You can work on yourself all you want but that hole of loneliness will still be there, it's like being hungry and drinking water to fill you up, it might work temporarily but you will still be hungry and only food will satisfy hunger.   So too do I think that working on yourself won't always cure your loneliness, it might make you better at whatever you improved on yourself but the loneliness will remain.
Right I entirely agree, it doesn’t help much (if at all). I’ve been contempt with being “happy” alone and “focusing on myself” for 3 years now and now that the pangs of loneliness are making me severely depressed, the advice is to do what I’ve been doing for years. it’s made worse when I know that it is because of my social anxiety that I have no one.
There is not a thing that anyone can ever do that will always work. Your goal is to improve your odds and take more shots. Nothing is guaranteed. Ever. You could roll a d20 and never roll higher than a 5. It's not likely. But it's possible.
[removed]
I can absolutely relate to this as well, I suffer from social anxiety too and it has come to a point where the things that kept me together while I'm alone don't work anymore.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l028pk/simply_put_theres_no_solution_to_this_problem/
I mean online dating obviously doesn’t work. Approaching people at school/work/public places doesn’t work. Our problem isn’t that we can’t make friends or get a girlfriend. Our problem is we can’t get a single person to say more than two words to us.
Those of us without an attractive appearance or charming extroverted personality are mostly at the mercy of pure luck. And even then, I've already managed to screw up two potential opportunities by texting them something awkward and idiotic because of my lack of experience. So yeah, feels bad man.
At this point I'm trying to learn to accept that girls will not ever want to be with me and enjoy my life FA. It's annoying seeing all my friends and family get to date others but I've started pursuing my hobbies more and working on myself so that I can atleast enjoy living (attempted suicide twice last year so can't just live the depressed life), I can deffo relate to you though OP
The truth is most ppl will give a shit about you. Thats the reason why I should perhaps stop showing interest in them because it will certainly boil down to them ghosting me.
Tbh I've stopped with unnecessary social interaction, think I've just been single for too long and are too inexperienced to even want to try serious dating anyway, I like my solitude and doing my own things without having to plan around someone else.  Also enjoying wearing a mask since I don't have to worry what my face looks like or making facial expressions, it's nice.
Kind of a misunderstanding. Yeah there's no one solution and no guarantees. You don't try one thing for a bit, it not work and then say it's impossible. But I'm not positive if that's the implication here. It's about probabilities. You do your best to heighten the odds and maintain that. Its a bunch of things plus added social ability or practice .
If you search this subreddit by success stories you'll find that some people have stumbled on a solution. The problem is there doesn't seem to be an exact path any one person can follow to get there. Everyone has such a different start point and none of the success stories have really done anything  ground breaking. They've mostly either lucked out or fought something of a war of attrition with their FA status.
I can't argue with you about online dating apps, but finding friends online is quite realistic. many people meet online and communicate and make friends.   perhaps it is simply tedious to find a place, where people are open to dialogue?
Believe me it will pas and you cant just describe how it gone like what where my anxiety went.I m tellin you this cause i ve gone through this shit too and i think that it was the fault of anxiety for that -people dont wanna be my friends ,no one talks to me etc .Maybe its just that different people bring different versions out of you
People for the most part are such slaves to appearances that they would pick the turd wrapped in pretty paper with a bow on it over a delicacy wrapped in foil with an outer layer of shit.
Positive option: Work on yourself, perhaps even towards radical transformation.   Do you think monks (who often swore a vow of silence even) just went away in 1300? They're still here, and often in force even if you can't see it. Do you think they never struggled with this sheer degree of loneliness that most in our modern day can't even comprehend? There's a reason they always have and always will exist.   Many people actively *aspire* to that life. Some people are perhaps just....built that way, and should play the hand they're dealt. Others have to learn it through experience, leveling up, and improving relevant stats. Which is like pulling teeth. Hence why it's leveling up in the first place.  The Cleric class comes with many (often very powerful and unique) perks, sure, but the drawbacks are rarely mentioned. As is the painful reckoning that you even might be suited to the Cleric class to begin with, instead of the more popular Paladin or Fusselier classes you and most others have always dreamt of.   Turn your suffering into a blessing, my dude. Play the hand you've been dealt, and do so wisely in service of a higher purpose.
Weaponize this, being alone has drawbacks no doubt but it also has positives.
> screw up two potential opportunities by texting them something awkward  the opportunities are so rare to begin with, and it's so incredibly easy to screw things up.  it's brutal.
HOW awkward?
It is pure luck tbh. At 29 years old, barely any of my few matches responded or wanted talk and not a single one wanted to meet. That was my experience for years. Until two of them did. But even then I had to put in a lot of work, open myself up completely and be as persistent as I possibly could. I still can't imagine finding anyone easily as some people do. At least I kind of know what started to work for me (being as open and vulnerable as I can about everything) AND looking for very specific type of girls only.
It all boils down to pure luck.
Circumstance and luck are probably the biggest factors and really it is the case in most aspects of life. So much you see and hear of successful people comes down to they were pumped out of a rich persons Vagina at birth, they grew up in a 1st world country or they had the right money to invest in some company at the start of a particular tech boom. Very little comes down to hard work and determination.      Dating and relationships simply fall into the similar thing, you were born with great genetics, you had a good social life and positive influences and and formed a great personality and thus can get into relationships or bang easily.      Now if you fall outside of that you have to try you best and sometimes just hope the sheer amount of shit you fling at a wall will stick. For me it was around age 24 things just seemed to work out or people around that age range seem to notice me I have no fucking idea but I lucked out and escaped and I doubt I could ever recreate that again.
Thats poetic i like that
yeah it sucks, i have so many screwed up opportunities I'll never get back
Found my gf while playing an online game. Not trying to brag, just confirming- it's all chance.
It's like attacking an enemy in an rpg like final fantasy. It's a complicated equations with, a set of behind the scene dice rolls that you have very little control over to determine whether you hit the enemy. The difference is that the equation is far more complicated and there isn't a way to data mine and figure out exactly what the equation is.
Yep. Some people have better odds and some people roll the dice more. And some people do both.
I know countless people IRL that met by bumping into them at the grocery store or some ridiculously clichéd shit. Its all about being at the right place at the right time.
I can think of a couple of times where I've likely been in the right place at the right time and still botched it due my complete lack of confidence. That's where I'm interested in success stories as I wanna know how FA guys have hauled themselves over the line in your grocery store type example.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0epba/gayme_over/
After 23 years with the only man I've had a relationship with (6 years older than me) I find myself alone. My partner threw me out for someone half my age. I was devastated and found myself cast out into a world I didn't belong in anymore.   I moved cities (to Melbourne, Australia) hoping to escape the memories and eventually start a new life. But, Melbourne is a cold place filled with people who look down on middle aged men, especially a gay one. As a now single, middle aged man I find myself no longer accepted into the gay world looked upon as a predator or simply as a horse sent out to pasture. I've tried to make friends, straight people seem fine but gay men treat me like I'm a freak and generally disregard me completely. It's hard to make gay friends when all gay men want is sex and see you as "old" rather than their ultimate goal of bonking a hot, younger guy.  A few times I thought I struck up a friendship only to eventually have that person drop off the communication vine never to be heard from again or be told "look you're really not my type, good luck" I make it clear I'm not looking for a sexual relationship I'm just wanting to make some friends, be part of the gay world again. But apparently that's never to be.  So here I am 4 years in Melbourne and I don't know anyone apart from those I work with (and as the oldest in my office they don't really want to hang out with me). Christmas' spent alone, New Year watching fireworks on the TV. Every day I wish I could be a gay man again, but the gay world says I don't belong there anymore.   I've passed my use by date and I'm only middle aged.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0btqk/anyone_else_likes_to_write_when_feeling_lonely/
So, I've recently written this ''poem''  --  The violent fall, just like brutal sunlight burns my eyes  Old innocence becomes darkness, it's all haze  I long to explore the world but I can't leave my own maze  It is a long path to the shore, and I can't stand my self  Absence is frequent and it defines who I am  /   One is made of suffering, self at war  Use it to achieve, strain it always demands  Dauntless is no way to claim me  Cringing, shallow in my scattered essence  I seek endlessly and furiously.  /    I carry on, all will abandoned, seeking unknown reason.   My mind's slumber won't cease   and I won't either, positively so.   Venturing beyond hateful lands   Must find chests hidden and packed.  /  Haunted by my ways, craving silence itself  miss what is now behind, chaos and flames not to be seen   Bright and awful was the latest page, bringing bonds and weeping   Alone still, devoid of fullness I stand   Black eternal fills me with doubt.  /  On the endless road, I walk with none  My hands untouched and cold. Unmatched.  Avoid feelings which won't fill, at least I try  Faith in me I still search, gathering strenght   Time machines were no fantasy, I would probably chase them.  /    Starry comfort I look at, must we be somewhere else?  Grasping the complexity in awe, barely grasp myself  Surface is what I know, numerical ways unreached  Comes a time where dryness reigns, drive is buried  If I never be me, at least light carries hope  /  Bound to habits, I drown in hope still  In friendship, haven and warmth uncovered  Guilt is often found but to dwell brings only harm  Stone way ahead, wings in abscence  Meaning, joy, dreams, at the finish line   /  Painless nearly, in glimpse only hurt  To be held, constant thought consumes me  Anatomy overflows, yet alone fails  Rooftop unseen, the longing goes on  Feeling in life, a requirement it takes after  /  Awareness deceitful, in faith reigns doubt  Eiffel desires, a loved one awaits  Yet to seize I fail, always unfull  Liquid escape, so rapidly fades  Tangle aside, I crave love and meaning  /  In absence, fullness hides itself  The unharmed routine slithers rapidly   There comes a new number. Hope appears, abstract and fragile  In wait of a touch, meaning, green grass  Never craving final darkness, guilt finds me for not escaping  /  Easily down, only a whimper is heard  Hindered by my own, I shall always refuse  At words, devoid of any complexity I stand  My unwitty poetry is here forever finished, my heart unaware.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0sdha/how_do_i_have_dinner_with_my_friends_with_kids/
One of my best friend's wife keeps wanting me to come over for dinner.  I keep deferring since they have two kids, nice house, etc. I've realized, I'll never have that.   What do I do here? I feel embarrassed I have nobody in my life. I have nothing to report either. 😔
First off, fuck that other dude in the thread don't listen to him. Second off gauge how you will feel. If you are not that emotionally strong and will get really sad because of it then no, don't go it will get really awkward if your feelings become noticeable. Are you good at conversation? Can you at least keep one? if no to these both as well then don't go due to the lack of things going on, trust me this has happened to me before and things will get weird fast if you have nothing to talk about. However if you can manage it then accept the offer and go, just be ready to deflect and turn around personal questions about your life in terms of love and whatnot that you are sensitive to. In the end if it really bothers you so much about your friends wife, house,and kids then you don't owe it to anyone to do so.
>I have nobody in my life  stop whining  >One of my best friend's wife keeps wanting me to come over for dinner  You accept the offer and you bring a bottle of wine.
>Are you good at conversation?  I work in sales and marketing, so yes.   >However if you can manage it then accept the offer and go, just be ready to deflect and turn around personal questions about your life in terms of love and whatnot that you are sensitive to  Yeah... but it's still going to gnaw at me.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l06li2/on_being_touch_starved/
My friend held my hand once on a whim and I was like oh cool. Then after 2 minutes changed their mind bc what if their s/o will see us and be jealous. -_- Bitch what we're the same gender and u straight. Tf? Why cant I have nice things
> Then after 2 minutes changed their mind bc what if their s/o will see us and be jealous. -_- Bitch what we're the same gender and u straight. Tf?  But you aren't straight. Someone might care. Imagine instead a straight woman seeing her husband holding hands with a gay man. It definitely might raise a question.
She was probably uncomfortable and used that as an excuse.
I know its easier said than done, but don't take it personal. I think it was likely a friendly hand hold that some girls do, because she likes you as a friend and spending time with you. But then got self conscious that because you are gay and she's holding your hand, people will assume that means you 2 are more than friends. I think its reasonable for her to get worried about her s/o not understanding or being concerned
Then why bother me in the first place? She held my hand. U mean like grossed out or uncomfortable to walk by the way?
I live in a homophobic country bro. Only Internet knows I'm not straight. Anyway I don't look "gay " what am I some sort of other species when you can immediately tell. I don't think most gay ppl look gay tbh.  I'm not mad but are you implying that:   a) lesbian or a gay guy cant casually hold the opposite gender friends hand   b) cant hold the same gender friends hand?  c) cant receive platonic love and affection from their friends
It could be a number of things. She thought she'd try it out and changed her mind. Maybe she was worried about people thinking she's gay.
You had mentioned in a comment above that you are gay, so I just assumed your friend knew.  No, I'm not implying any of that. People can, and do, do all 3 of those things. Its just that some people are comfortable with it, and some people arent.  I think the fact that you mention you are in a homophobic country probably plays a part in it too. Maybe your friend worries that people with think you and her are gay?  As someone who has had social anxiety all of my life, I know that worrying about what other, random people think about you can be really worrying and cause anxiety, even though it shouldn't. And most of what you think other people are thinking, isnt even true, its just in your head. You friend might not have social anxiety, but nearly everyone experiences some anxiety and doubt about what other people might think about something, sometimes.  As long as this person is still talking to you, hanging out, being your friend, then you have nothing to worry about. Its not anything against you. Its more of their self consciousness and worrying about what people would think or say about them.
See this stings again because I am (no im not attracted to my friend) and it's hard when people are sooo afraid to seem gay for even a just second when I have to live my whole life with it.
You're gay? Then she was probably worried that she might be giving you the wrong impression and that's why she mentioned her bf. That makes a big difference for how some people think. Just like she wouldn't hold hands with random guy friends because she wouldn't want to be accused of leading them on later despite it meaning nothing.
if people suddenly become uncomfortable with holding you're hand, i don't understand why people will get angry about that. yes, you might feel sad or a bit annoyed, but it's THEIR hand and they don't have to hold yours
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l07zay/people_just_dont_like_talking_to_me_and_idk_why/
I always try to make friends and try to get close to people. I always end up getting ghosted or hurt.  I never am rude, always am kind. I also try to keep a conversation even tho I’m bad at it. I also try to keep an open mind with people’s opinions.  Is it because I’m LGBT? Is it because I am not doing good mentally? Idk ;-;
So I thought I was in the same situation, but I learned something. Always notice red flags and obvious signals. If you ask someone to hang out once or twice and they say something vague like “Can’t. I’m busy” and don’t get back to you, it usually means they’re just not interested in hanging out with you. Just cut your losses and don’t contact them. If you’re always the one initiating conversations and hangouts, it’s a red flag. If you try to be nice, and they’re purposely offensive, it’s another red flag. I know loneliness sucks, but don’t associate with toxic people.
I don't think it's that much about you. You gotta remember that, sadly, usualy people already have friends. They don't want any more of them, they are only being nice for as long as their patience reaches. You "just" need to be lucky to find an actualy lonely person who wants friends, that's your best bet.
How are you not doing good mentally?
Observation:  You got two things going on here.  > (paraphrased to people don't like talking to me)  > (paraphrased to people don't like getting closer to me)  The mental model I've always had is a really large cloud of really distant people containing a smaller cloud of closer people and so on like layers of an onion.  So I read as on one hand you got people who don't like onions at all and on the other hand you get frustrated that the people you want to won't move from onion layer 4 to closer onion layer 5.  Its entirely possible they're separate problems, or your onion is too small to have enough people to move from layer 4 to 5, or you're spreading your efforts too thin across multiple problems to completely fix either problem or ...  Also by people do you mean at least a small business worth of people?  Like if you're working with only 10 people in your "tribe" its entirely possible to be lonely, maybe you need 100 people in your "tribe" to meet close friends / dates.
95% of people are toxik
I’ve been diagnosed with anxiety and depression by a doctor. I want to see a therapist when I’m actually able to because I have bad abandonment issues and I need help
I meant more like how does it affect your friends, like maybe you tripple text or self deoricate or something like that y'know
Sometimes I find myself being too nice or getting attached to people to fast. I also constantly feel like someone is faking being my friend
Are you trying too hard? Are you coming across as desperate?
> I also constantly feel like someone is faking being my friend  My intended to be helpful suggestion, verb them, don't noun them.  Don't get all hung up on definitions and equations and declarations of "friend" as a noun or state of being.  Just do verb stuff, do friend stuff.  What I'm getting at is when thinking of cause and effect don't go all "they are a noun of friend which has the effect that we 'should' be doing this and that 'friend activities'".  Instead think of "I'm gonna do the verb of friend activities so time to invite / tag along with the people I do 'friend activities'"  You can get all stuck in your head about if Mr XYZ identifies internally as your friend or not or are they faking it or all kinds of mind loop stuff that really accomplishes nothing in the long run.  What really matters in the long run is who sat next to you last weekend when you watched the sportsball game.  Its easy to get stuck in your head about fake nouns and all that but much harder to get stuck in head about fake verbs; either homie hung out with you or homie did not there is little room for faking.  Young girls (like when I was in high school) get especially weird about who and when they noun and who knows about it, although all normies are like it to some extent.  Normies love the verb style of cause and effect, tons of sitcoms and drama and TV/movie plot lines about someone realizing the people surrounding them whom they've been "friend-verbing" with for a long time are actually their "friend-noun" followed by wholesome music and happy hugging and everybody lives happily ever after.  You'll note that most "normie talk" about get togethers is verb oriented not noun.  They get all wound up about which sportsball team they'll cheer for as a group because cheering is a verb, they don't get wound up about who's in and who's out because thats a noun.  Its just a different perspective, maybe one you'd be more chill with.  Or if it doesn't work for you, no problem have a nice 2021
[${URL}] https://i.imgur.com/Shqh9Jg.png

Nice bit of suicide fuel.
It also happens between family members
Are these even real ?? Sounds so engineered
They always start off with high energy conversation then once you show them a picture of yourself or you don't meet one of their criteria, they distance themselves then ghost you.
This is also from that Optimus video. I could relate to this person. You think you have a friend but they mean much more to you than you do to them. They ghost on you because you are just someone they talk to when they are bored or just want to vent.You consider them a close friend, but one day you find out you meant very little to nothing to them. When i was younger this happened to me a lot.when I tried making friends. This applies to finding a significant other when you think you meant something special to them but you are an afterthought.  I'm not saying I was entitled to friends and significant others. It just hurt finding out I meant nothing to them.
Move on dude. They've made their statement. Don't text them back ever
I definitely relate to this post alittle to much. .
Usually don't do this but pretty sure that person is a piece of crap
This is how everyone views me. This is some potent shit
I just don't make friends with anybody.
This is either staged, she doesn't give a fuck about other ppls feelings, or OP is just... an ultra FA. Either way, its sad.
instead of "sheesh" i would've said alright, im fine with not talking to someone who is a piece of shit.
I hate when girls do that .....Them : “I just want a male friend “ .....Me:”Hey :)” ....Them : if this is a attempt to shoot your shot just know it’s not working “ ...
You can’t expect an equal relationship with everyone. Some people just don’t want close friends, they’re content just hanging out with people temporarily. I find it incredibly strange myself.
And we're the horrible people? Why do people that treat others like this have it so easy when it comes to relationships? Who thinks "good evening" is flirty? Who thinks it's okay to tell people they aren't important?
Yup, lots of times. Got one doing it right now tbh. Sadly this one's messing with my other friends so I have to wade through some drama to deal with his stupid ass.
This just proves that just because someone’s on your mind doesn’t mean that the feelings are mutual. You can be highly invested into someone and they don’t care about you.
All the time everywhere I look people hate me for no reason heterosexuals hates me lgbtq hates me  everywhere I look I get disdain
I don't know you...but I'd text ya.  Probably dumb shit, stupid memes, an are you okay every now and then.  AND I'd never delete you from my phone.  People like this aren't worth your time. I've got contacts in my phone from people I worked with in 2008.  If they ever text me I'd know who it was, and if I didn't I'd tell them I lost my phone a few times.  This person needs a swift kick between the legs, a block on the contact page of your phone, and no thoughts afterwards.
Me, maybe, I guess, idk.
Wouldn't assume friendship, ever. You kind of learn that humanity has a different relationship to you. It doesn't work the same way, you can try but it never works... like the universe already ranks you, and it's impossible to connect anyway unless you're already a have.
Hey if she’s gonna be an ass it’s not worth it my guy, bros before hoes smh
yes considering I have to always be the one reaching out to them.  They never reach out to me to talk or hang out.  So if I just disappeared they probably wouldn't even notice.
This used to be every conversation I tried to have with someone from school online. Yikes.
Yeah. All the time.
Yep..
sheesh
I know the feel bro
You say "ok bye lmao" to that not sheesh, or am I wrong?
It's all an illusion, no one ever cares about you other than your mother.
Why is that so me😢😢😢😢
Sadly, yes. I'm gonna save this post. So that I can come everytime I feel that I'm unimportant.
What??!!! You say "Good evening"???!!! You must be flirting right??!!!
That's fucked up on so many different levels
Shirt I had something very similar happen to me under different circumstances... I had a friend I was close with and told a lot of stuff and I remember telling them one night that I was getting anxiety from the thought that they would leave me. Of course they gave the little "oh no never I'll always be here for you"  crap and now they have pretty much blocked me on everything. It sucks ass and I don't want to try to have female friends anymore because "all girls are the same" in the words of juice wrld...
In use since 2019
I laughed, so I hope it's fake ... For my karma
They're fake.
Honestly I hope those are fake because no one deserves to be treated like less than shit.
I think it’s fake
Obviously. Really mean woman to a nice innocent guy. Clearly written by an incel.
Seems pretty fake.
or you will just get blocked nicely.
That's the exact experience I'm going through right now. A good conversation, shared interests, then "You don't smile enough", and bread crumbs after that. Going through that repeatedly isn't going to help my smile.
I hate this so much. They pester you to send a picture because they’re “enjoying talking to you” then you do and they slowly ghost you until you never hear from them again.
When they say that, in my experience, they mean they want an attractive male friend.
Please don’t do this
...because women can't do no evil, right? Jesus...
Exaclty, it's happened to me many times unfortunately.
Happened to me just last week. I don’t know why I bother trying
That's shitty, I luckily have not had to go through that but then again I'm not really one for meeting people online. Real sorry you had to experience that I can empathize with that feeling.
They never said that...
To say "Really mean woman to a nice innocent guy. Clearly written by an incel." Is implying something like that could not happen.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l09aqy/a_follow_up_to_dating_app_notes_if_youre_gonna/
[The original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ks4mle/notes_from_trying_dating_apps_again/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf).  So I did what I said...for the most part. I deleted Tinder and Bumble. I decided to keep Hinge however. There was a small part of my brain thinking the match I had exchanged a few more than a dozen or so messages with would hit me back. She hadn’t responded in three days, but she was slow to respond in general. I figured every other match was dead.   I’ll be honest. I was crazy about this girl. She had all the same interests as me. She even laughed at some of my messages. She was very pretty and kind of out of my league (I mean who isn’t these days) but certainly not the instagram model or sorority bombshell type. She had liked my picture first, actually.  As background I have severe anxiety and moderate depression that I bottle up. No one outside anonymous internet strangers knows.  Now for the pathetic part: I started to think this was my soul mate. Honestly, this might be the most flirting I have ever done with a woman; in my 25 years on earth, I had never even asked a girl out. I thought my first date ever would be the one I marry. She had apologized for taking a while to respond even at one point, which made the comedown even harder. She had a habit of responding late at night. How well I slept every night depended on whether she responded. 3 days became 5 days. 5 days became a week. I sent a last ditch message last night. I’d die happy if she responded, but the odds are obviously slim at best.   Here’s the point I want to drive home. A normal person would quickly move on. They might not even bother checking Hinge outside every few days. They’d forget about her within a few hours. And I am sure this is how she’s thinking - maybe she’s even been on a date with someone else since then. I’m dating app guy #679 to her - like a dry cleaning ticket.   Now this isn’t all of us, but I think some people here are at risk. For those suffering from loneliness, from mental ailments, you take any attention or affection you can get and make it into something it isn’t. It’s like a man dying of thirst thinking a droplet of water is like a full bottle. It can be seriously damaging. This is especially true as the world is in a damn pandemic.  I’d seriously reconsider joining these dating apps unless you are in a somewhat stable mental state and have things that can distract you (idk maybe if you’re working 14 hour days the apps are on the backburner). Getting half a pinky toe out the door of forever alone and getting pulled back in is often worse than staying put. Oh - and don’t let these damn apps milk you for money. They prey on folks like us.  I had my first anxiety attack in 2 months. I’ve spent an hour or so each day moping, napping, and crying in bed in the afternoon (I work from home due to covid). My roommates (whom are new and whom I barely know) have asked if I’m ok because I look so down around the apartment. My parents visited me recently and I put on my best face. My mom texted me after, thanking me for joining them and said “you seem great”.   Man, if only she knew.
I haven't had many opportunities but I always try to get them to move off the dating app and to texting as soon as possible. A lot of them don't check the dating app often. But of course that doesn't mean you won't get ghosted.  > I thought my first date ever would be the one I marry.  This is definitely NOT the right mindset to have. You'll end up crushed time and time again.  To her in the early stages like this you're pretty insignificant. Just keeping it real. If you go into it every time with thoughts of marriage they won't be mutual and you'll fail miserably.  You need to view it more like a fun activity or friendship when you start out. But keep pushing and later on the deeper connection might happen.  I know it's tough to stop yourself from getting quickly attached when you're FA and someone offers you a way out of crippling loneliness. I'm right there with you man.  Best of luck to you.
It would be nice for dating apps to provide a disclaimer but a lot of this go without saying so a guide specifically for FA would be helpful.  First, dating in general is something that should be relaxed and fun. Thats why its such a red flag if someone is over texting or becomes hostile. Part of ghosting comes from the idea that you can say no at any moment. Your first date will definitely not be the one you marry, you have to lower your expectations because that will only lead to more heartache and unrequited attention.   Irs very much true that if you dont have a decent/baseline level of self-love/confidence in yourself, you shouldn't bother with online dating apps. Rejection is part of the experience, for good and for the bad.   Lastly, I think its a healthier idea to view the person you matched with somewhere in the media. I imagine this comes from low self esteem but I've seen numerous people that are convinced that every women views her match as a number and thats all. You have to understand that they are looking for a partner as well. Standing out is obviously important, thats the whole idea of dating. You have to have chemistry and that begins by presenting the most attractive part of you. Thinking that you're just a number only creates more anxiety and pressure.
> I haven't had many opportunities but I always try to get them to move off the dating app and to texting as soon as possible. A lot of them don't check the dating app often. But of course that doesn't mean you won't get ghosted.  I always assume it's like approaching a deer or something, don't want to startle her by trying to get a phone number, use the app until meeting unless she asks for or offers her number.
You don't want to do it immediately, after a few days of texting in the app I think it's ok. I've usually just said that I don't check the app often myself (and that's sort of true). But you can end up scaring them away too, kind of depends on the person. I figure if I'm going to say something that makes her run away, might as well do it sooner rather than later and save myself the time and effort.  edit: My strategy could be way off though. IDK what I'm even doing.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0nnnx/old_soul/
Anyone else feel like they were born in the wrong generation. And turns you into a hopeless romantic. I feel like I should of been born in the 1920s. What about you?
You wanted be drafted into wwll, live through the war, or live in another great depression as a consequence of being born in the 1920's?
The 60s would have been more ideal imo
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l02cj8/i_never_told_anyone_but_all_i_ever_wanted_was_a/

That's a sugar baby relationship.
Keep thinking that way and u only gonna get a broken heart and deception, just an advice bro u seem like a good person, don't show any sing of dependence to any body.
That's sounds *inhale* so sweet
Check this out  https://youtu.be/v2LK-JXZJ5U Hope it can bring you a little joy
Uhhh would you at least expect help with bills?
Go love yourself man! Instead of pouring that love to some random girl just put it to yourself! Wanna watch that netflix? Go watch it! Wanna play that game? Go play it!
If you really just want to love someone and don't expect anything back, then you can do that. That's eventually under your control.  If you expect to get married or for them to reciprocate, then you do expect something back.
Everything is a sugar baby relationship
Sugar daddies expect something in return, though
Well one can only dream right :/
He does expect something. He expects this girl to marry him whether she loves him or not and to let him "love her".  A direct quote about the girl he thinks he is in love with that has a bf. "I've never expected to get loved back but I just wanted to be with her. But she won't let me."
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzwcaa/i_consider_a_lot_of_people_my_best_friends_but/
Have this happened to any of you? its so painful.  Like chatting with a person you really appreciate and then they say stuff like "My best friend did this"  In a certain way, this is even worse than not having a gf
HOLY SHIT SAME. I'm also never someone's first choice either. I'm the backup or second choice. Fml.
All my close friends have a partner, and ofc the partner is always gonna be their best friend and main priority.  Our place is at the back, I'm afraid
Don't think you can really have more than one best friend.
Happened all the time to me... I don’t know how to make proper friendship that will not ended like that! You are not alone bro!
Reminds me of this song:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2DFezUThXk
I've been really close friends with a handful of my guy friends. I've been to about 7 weddings in the last 10 years, and every one of them - most of my circle of friends are included as the "groomsmen", but I've never been chosen to be one. My really close friend decided to include his neighbor childhood friend over me, even though they weren't very close at the time. We don't really talk anymore lol.
Same :(
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzut2m/lockdown_grief_loneliness_nervous_breakdown/
So we’re in the midst of a national lockdown here in the UK which is shit. Add to that the grief that I’m currently feeling since losing my wife and trying to work and homeschool my 6 year old, I honestly feel like I can’t take it anymore.  I’ve been to a counsellor and I thought I was in a much better place than I actually am. I just feel and empty feeling inside and I’m craving some adult interaction and affection. It’s driving me mad
I am sorry for your family's loss.
I wish I could just give you a big, long hug. My heart aches for your combined grief and loneliness.   I don't have great advice. Or any really except maybe take up computer gaming for the social aspect? It's no substitute, but it's a way to connect to others at least.   I wish I could help. Please know that if I could, I would.
That’s fucking rough mate. Don’t really have anything I can say or do to help your situation, just say I wish you the best.
Hey my man. I'm 54 and from the UK. I lost my wife to cancer nearly two years ago, leaving me with two teenagers. PM me if you want to chat.
also in the UK. I've had about 2 breakdowns a week since the new year started. Literally had one about an hour into jan 1st. I hate my life.
I feel you.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l028uv/people_meet_me_treat_me_good_get_attached_talk_to/
I'll accept it again that I'm going to be alone forever no matter what.
People get attached to you?
I can relate. Moved to a new job a few months ago and was initially invited to hang out with coworkers. At some point they changed their minds about me and at work the most I get is a "hey". I get to hear them talk about planning group events and what they did together, and just wonder what I did to make them stop inviting me. Fuck it though, I guess it's better to have no friends than to be strung along by fake friends.
Happens to me all the time. People are shallow.
Yeah for like few months. I have charm and depression.
Maintaining friendships is fucking hard.
Had gf?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzsrya/i_cant_fucking_take_this_anymore/
I can't. I don't want to. Everyday I am alive, is another day of absolute pain and torture. I want to not be here. It's too hard. It's too much. No one should ever be this fucking touch starved.
How did you copy this from my 3am notes, word for word 😂😅
So look I’m new around here. But if I had no meaningful relationships I would immediately pull all the money from my bank and go to Mexico to gamble drink and bang hookers. I mean, you don’t give a shit anyway right? It can’t make shit worse can it?
Yeah
#
Whiskey is def my go to right now.
No. Doing that will pull yourself into a lower state of mind as you live every day knowing that the hookers weren’t a real relationship and you had to pay someone just to like you for a few hours, and then they forget about you in less than a day while you live with guilt for the rest of your life
At the end of the day you can keep sitting there feeling like shit or make yourself get out of that habitat
#
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzf77h/just_had_my_first_real_kiss_at_31_update/
Some of you may recall a post I made last week about kissing a girl on a 3rd date.  Well she came over to my apartment again last night. I cooked her another meal, we played some more games on my VR system, then we cuddled and made out for like 2 hrs before having sex.  It was my first time having sex with someone who actually wanted to have sex with me because I have been with 2 legal prostitutes in Nevada before, but thats it. The sex was just ok, but the cuddling and making out was honestly the best part. The emotions and feelings I had are unexplainable. After she left I just couldn't fall asleep because I was so happy, excited, and kinda in shock it happened.    She has now invited me to stay the night at her place tonight.  So id say atleast for the foreseeable future, I've finally escaped FA.   They way this girl looks at me and talks to me makes it feel like she is crazy about me.  Its still so hard to believe.  It almost feels like one of the many lucid sex dreams I've had in the past.
GG! Now, Get outta here and never come back!
I'm so happy for you! It gives me hope :)
Congrats man,wishing u all the best
Congratulations, and good for you both! Hope you're out of here for good ;)
Congratulations, my friend. I'm proud of you! Treat her well.
leave, OP. leave, and never return here. best of luck to you.
Got confused on what sub I was on 😅 take my bitter sweet upvote and have fun
F for respect, and I wish you good luck!
Congrats man, hope everything goes well
That's seriously wonderful, Archer. Here's to a continuing winning, loving streak. This goes to further prove that 30 isn't too late!
i would shed a tear rn but i'm too dead inside. bless you
How are you coping with the loss of your wizard powers?!
Happy for you, thanks for giving an old virgin hope.
Nice man!  Happy for you
I am so happy for you, congrats!
Proud of you. I had my first kiss at 24. It was my only kiss and was from my oneitis. Hopefully my second kiss can happen soon. She likes you and being 30 or older, I'm especially proud of you.
Cheers brother 🍻🍻
Congrats! I am still longing for that feeling T\_T
Congrats man I hope it works out for you. I would request you to stick around and give advice to others like me.
You have made it man, congratulations! I’m proud of ya!
Congratulation brother. I have my 1st kiss when I was 34 and 1st sex at 35 on my wedding night (my wife is very conservative). Just 3 years before that I think I will grow old and die alone. Its never too late for everyone.
Congrats and best of luck to you moving forward.
Congratulations mannn I'm really happy for you :)))
Good on you man :) have fun
Ayyy congratulations man!
Blessings to you friend
Congratulations! Good work!
I hope it works out and we won't see you here again!
Congratulations, be gone with you 🙂
Congratulations, mate!   Hope you never need to feel FA again
Thank you for the update! Keep that shit coming. I'm so proud of you!
Take my upvote and get the fuck out!
I love sex dreams though. I think those get girls wet as well. Im glad to know you have a girlfriend!
I am so happy for you!!! I love seeing these posts
[removed]
I hope you never leave ur Reddit open for her to see this post by chance. Omg.. why would u rate her in bed. "okay" i mean i least ur honest?  Good luck buddy sounds like she likes u.
It’s like a fresh of breath air
This gives me hope haha. How'd you two meet?
Maybe shut up
Saying the sex was just ok has nothing to do with her. Its more that I im really inexperienced, i really don't have anything to compare it to, and we tried only 2 basic positions (cow girl and missionary). Im sure itll get better as we develop chemistry in bed.
We met on hinge.
keep at it man - it'll get better ;)
I don't mean to spoil it for you, but sex in real life has nothing to do with porn. Entering a relationship with unrealistic expectations may end bad. Don't expect much more than the basic positions and you won't be disappointed. Sure, you can try something spicy, but majority of times it's basic. It's more about the chemistry and feelings, than something crazy and wild.  Good luck to you!
lol Alright man.. and there it is! lol :-P
Might have to give it a go then haha
I've never heard of hinge before, I should take a look.
I didn't hear about it either until like a month ago. Someone in the comments on a post in /r/bumble basically said something like "it seems like the hinge algorithm is amazing for the first week then it turns to shit, so you either find your sole mate in the first week or you don't find someone at all"  So I said fuck it, and decided to give it a try and matched with this girl in 2 days on the app. Went on our first date 7 days after downloading the app.    I don't want to say she is my sole mate yet, cause its still very early but we have quite a lot of random things in common that neither of us even advertised on our profile too. Its pretty weird.
Guess that explains why I’ve had no luck on Hinge. Been trying for 3 months and I’ve had no luck. Have tried Bumble and OkCupid, nothing either.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzq0dz/anyone_else_not_really_have_any_friends_either/
A lot of my friends have moved on, gotten married, have kids... I just can’t relate to them anymore. Friends are supposed to have common lifestyles aren’t they? I don’t know what being married is like, that shit’s never going to happen to me. I just feel lonely and don’t have anything in common with anyone.
If you are lonely then we can be friends if ye want to
It only gets worse with age. Im 35, and everyone that I was close friends with have all gotten married and have kids now and naturally caused us to grow apart. I have lots of acquaintances and work friends, but as far as having close friends in my every day life, thats pretty much nonexistent.
Kinda just happens with age. Grade school is mostly the prime time to make friends as we are also surrounded by people of the same age group 8 hours a day.   After graduation, ppl become busy, move to different places, common goals change, some get involved in drugs, workaholics, others with significant other as you mentioned.   And it ultimately becomes more of a burden for them to actually set up a hang out time & day, so contact is slowly lost without actually saying “we aren’t friends anymore.”
Never had friends. No one wanted to be friends with a “retard” (despite the fact this “retard” was an Honor Roll student).
My last true friend was back in 2001, maybe 2002 and since then I have only had acquaintances or friendly co workers. When your life goes to hell and differs from them, you find out who is true to you.  Life's about change, and not always for the better. Better to go at it alone, relying on yourself and not getting hurt, even if it means a life filled with loneliness.
Just one person who I'd class as a true friend, plus a few useless acquaintances who I never hear from unless they want something.
im afraid thatll be me in a few years. already "lost" one that was very important to me
Well, I don't have any friends I can relate too either. It's better for me to stay out of their life because I feel myself overly toxic and pessimistic most of the time until I get myself fixed.   I'm glad I still have colleagues I can talk to on and off and my siblings.
Well I do have friends on the internet.  I have 1 friend irl, but he has a gf and therefore we don't see each other often (as he also is an introvert and also needs some time alone lol)  Internet Friends are different than irl friends tho.. So ye :/
Many people even married feel lonely. This is not an indicator of a happy life. You need new communication with people the same interests, like yours.   I do not suggest you join dating sites.  try to find people in chats, find friends first. online communication is easy
Idk maybe. I guess it depends on what we have in common.
That’s where I am. I’m 34. I guess the plus side is you don’t have to worry about alienating people when you end up eventually doing something stupid or crazy. You can do whatever you want bc you have no real attachment to anyone.
If marriage is such an unhappy outcome then why do so many do it? Some might be, sure. But overall I don’t buy that. I join dating sites because I don’t have the social skills or the time to sift through to find people who are available in real life. I’ve gotten more dates on dating sites than I ever have in real life. I’m 34, I’m not going to waste time I don’t need to.
I'm a people pleaser type so we probably will get along
I didn't say that all marriages are unhappy-you saw it. I said that this is not always an indicator of happiness.  the feeling of loneliness is very complex, sometimes we can feel loneliness even next to close people  I gave my advice that new high-quality communication always helps
No be my friend 😁😁😁
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzsxwj/i_know_ive_been_looking_like_shit_lately_stop/
Work has been insane lately so I can't get my regular work done because covid is spreading like wildfire where I live and man is it getting stressful and it's only going to get worse from here. Every day my manager has been pestering me asking why I look unwell and if I've eaten anything today. My family asks me if I'm not getting enough sleep because I look exhausted. I go into this store before work to buy a couple kebabs and the mother flippin kebab lady goes "well I'm going to give you three because you look like you need it." I'm aware I look like crap, I really don't need to be reminded all the time.
Its understandable the rona situation has saloons & barbers shops closed. At least you got an extra kebab. If it gets too much I’d confront them about it but thats me
I'm skinny and I have CFS. I once had a distant, loud-mouthed coworker walk in on me and a couple of other colleagues and while greeting everyone, he just blurts out:  "Hey, are you on drugs or something?"  Why, thank you for ruining whatever was left of my self-esteem...  I've never even touched a cigarette in my life..
I’m sorry that you have to deal with these oblivious people’s rude comments. On the one hand, it’s nice to have people concerned about you. Sounds like they want to make sure you’re ok but have terrible tact in doing so.  On the other hand, I have also felt the frustration of people making comments about how tired or stressed I look. IT’S A PANDEMIC! I’ve been having bouts of insomnia or just waking up in the middle of the night unable to sleep well. Just last week, I had a dream about my mother dying so it was goodbye to sleeping after that. People need to realize that we’re all dealing with this shit time differently and it’s not helpful to make comments about appearances. That said, we still have to take care of ourselves. Take a daily multivitamin, drink lots of water, and be kind with yourself
you need to find a place where people can't see you.  for example, online communication with strangers, on topics that are interesting to you.  this will help to reduce the tension.  And don't pay attention to the people around you, I know how such questions are annoying
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzsyci/my_few_friends_dont_feel_like_friends/
I have a three friends but two are dating each other and the other has a boyfriend so I am always the odd one out. Recently they have went on trips without me they had a Thanksgiving planned when i was working (we know each others work schedules) when we spent Christmas together i spent about half my paycheck on gifts for them and got barely anything from them. Earlier this year my roommate had depression and everyone was there for him and and pretty much lived with him. I am in a similar situation now with him and im ignored. I've talked to them about how i feel and nothing changed. They're my friends i want to keep being friends because they're all i have.
Sadly you can't do much. I think it's best you look for more friends
They sound much closer to each other and you can't change or force that with someone. I suggest you try to make more friends.
I'd slowly start distancing myself and if they don't notice, they aren't real friends. I'd also suggest attempting to make/find new friends as hard as that sounds.
Idk why but people have generalised fake or false friends. Its correct but really doesn't some situations justice. My advice is that make more friends more aligned to your nature and personality and not be a third wheel and not turn into someone who is lonesome that they are your friends but not you theirs.
I dunno what level gifts you’re expecting from friends. But friend gifts are usually pretty cheap or more sentimental. I wouldn’t go busting out something really nice.
I'm in the same boat, i just stop trying to find friends. Of course i would like a few small close friends it just make life a lot more interesting. as of now i got only work friends i dont know if that consider as friends cause we don't hang out outside of work. Just treat people the way you want to be treated and they right people will come along. If it makes you feel better i got no friends at home, only at work.
Ditch
Sadly, they have more in common with each other than they do with OP.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0e7mu/any_advice_on_how_to_talk_to_girls/
Hey, I posted awhile ago about having to move away from a girl on the subway who I was attracted to, today something similar happened with a girl but instead I said hi to her, I had the urge to die afterwards but I'm happy I did what I did.  I've had a lot of trouble with girls over the years, I'm really worried of coming off as a creep (or worse, acting on impulse and doing something very bad). There's a girl I've been on a couple of dates with but that's really it for the most part.  I'm agender (and afab) so a lot of straight girls just wont touch me after they realize I'm not male. I'm very androgynously looking, but I don't feel comfortable making anyone think I'm something I'm not. I hope to remove my sexual anatomy (leaving my with a flat chest and smooth crotch) but I'm not sure if that will make me more or less appealing.  It's so hard talking to girls, they're just so cute and wonderful and I want to touch them. I'm just so worried about what will happen (even ignoring my gender). I'm worried something I'll do will be very horrible.  And even when I do get close to a girl, it either turns out she's not attracted to me, or I'll do something dumb that will ruin any further interactions. At this point I don't even have very many female freinds.  I just want someone to love me, any advice? (Note that I'm only 18)
Im in the same boat only in the sense of limited female friends, but youre only 18 with your whole life ahead of you! I am 28 by comparison.   Also maybe youre already aware, but maybe not? There's lots of women who identify as pansexual, which in my opinion translates to - if they are attracted to you, they're attracted. So that could be irregardless of androgyny, non-binary, or whatever you might identify as. In fact some may be specifically attracted to you for that, or just drawn to you for being you. Good luck out there.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzu15g/covid19_made_my_therapy_session_very_epic/
So I saw a therapist for the first time and I was wearing a mask. I was complaining about headache and inability to socialize. Since I was wearing a mask, at first he didn't see my recessed chin and big nose and therefore he suggested me to hook up in university. I found the advice irrelevant due to my looks and took the mask off. He gave me a couple of other questions and said 'You are a nice guy.'
Ouf, thats was a blow i presume. There is very little someone can do with looks in western society, as make up for guys is „a bit“ frowned upon. So i can only say try it regardless or if you gave up.... use the isolation to your advantage and start a few crafting projects or something along the line.  I wish you luck
Thank you
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/l0282i/i_will_go_through_and_pine_after_everyone_who_i/
I think being willing to walk through endless amounts of pain of rejection but not only rejection basically being rejected without being told anything; is what will set some of us up to eventually find the person that is \*does\* reciprocate. The reason it's so hard for me to enjoy dating is because in my life I have never even had the opportunity of a single date let alone a girl reciprocating feelings for me in return and I think I am willing to walk through the pain until it happens.
You need to ask people out long before you feel like you have feelings for them beyond liking
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzp320/i_had_my_second_date_yesterday/
[This is a continuation from this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kunoa9/i_went_on_my_first_date/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)  Ok so I went on the second date yesterday. We decided to go to an art museum. We met up at the same time and walked all around the place for like an hour. It was nice and pleasant, and she let me nerd out about all the stuff I remember from art school lol. But the cafe there that we were going to eat at was closed because of covid. When I asked her if she wanted to eat somewhere else, she mentioned that she actually just bought the ingredients for Shepard’s pie, and asked if I wanted to come to her house to help make it. Both of us enjoy cooking so of course I said yes, and we headed over there.   I felt a bit of nervousness cuz y’know... I’m a guy going to a date’s house, so maybe.... something might happen??? We got to her place and cooked it together which was actually really fun! And we talked a lot about random stuff as we ate. Then afterwards we got on her couch together and watched a movie. I haven’t really broken the touch barrier yet, so I tried siting pretty close to her.   We watched Parasite then watched the first couple Wandavision episodes. I chose a suspenseful movie so maybe... she might lean into me more like in the movies lol. It sorta kinda worked lol. We were just shoulder to shoulder at a few points. Things actually never really got too flirty, but I still had a good time! We first met at 2 and I ended up not leaving till nearly 10pm! I spent the whole day with her! I gave her a big full on hug, and called it a night.   So that’s my second date. And we’ve already made plans to meet up next weekend. So far it feels more like hanging with a friend than a date. That’s not a bad thing at all, but nothing “romantic” has happened yet. I’m in no rush or anything but I don’t wanna be “friend zoned” either, and we’ve been keeping things very friendly so far. I’m admittedly really nervous about the idea of flirting or making a move lol
Take the hints and try to see things from their point of view. You won't miss your window to see what the relationship is. Don't force it, but also, don't lose your confidence.
I've just been browsing this sub for a bit and this is the best thing I've seen so good job 👍🏾
I would suggest going for a kiss at the end of the next date to show your interest in being more than friends. 3 dates for a kiss seems a pretty reasonable wait if you want to take it slow. Definitely feel it out though. Everyone is different but to me I think by date 3 you need to show her that your interest
Parasite is a great movie!!! I’d love to see it for the first time again. Jessica, Illinois, Chicago!  I’m living vicariously through you. I’m rooting for you like I would my favorite sports teams.
That sounds like a great date. Keep it up and all the best on your next one.
Alcohol definitely helps to lighten the mood. Don't get to drunk of course.
Bro, I'm so happy for you. You go, man.
im glad its going well for you. now leave this place and never return
You've been friend zoned. Need to be a man and take whats yours.
I’ll do this when we meet up this weekend. I don’t want to miss an opportunity and mess things up, but I don’t wanna overstep my boundaries either.
Yeah I think I’m going to try for it. Or if not a kiss, at least push things in a more romantic way. I’m actually demisexual, so I don’t mind taking things slow, but I agree that three dates is enough time to push things a little further. I’m just new to this so I’m not sure exactly how to push that boundary. This has always been my biggest problem. My whole life, I’ve always been “too nice” and friendly. Being romantically forward isn’t my strong suit at all. I do want to try though.
Yeah I love Parasite! Such an awesome movie! I really liked the rich mom in it lol. It was my date’s first time watching it so it was fun seeing her experience it for the first time.   I’m glad I have a fan haha! I’ll be making another update post after the next date on Saturday
Oh trust me, there will be alcohol lol. But I actually don’t like getting too drunk anyway so that shouldn’t be a problem for me :)
I’m honestly sad at the idea of leaving. I’ve been here for so long. A couple of years now actually. I think I’m gonna wait until I reach a greater milestone until I consider myself no longer FA, since I’m still a khv
Not everyone fucks on the first date. And be a man and take what’s yours sounds really rapey dude. He is not friend zoned creep.
Are you suggesting he sexually assault her?????
Remember, honesty is the best policy. If it feels right, just be honest without seeming too desperate or eager.
Ah yeah and that's particularly hard for a demisexual on top of that. But yeah it doesn't matter what. Just do what you're comfortable with that makes your interest clear. That could just be cuddling or something. :) good luck
I hope I’m around to see it. Every day is getting tougher man.
That is what it looks like he's saying. Well that and he considers women property to be possessed by a man.
I’m trying to resist asking how exactly do I go about setting the mood for getting more romantic, but I guess that’s a hard question to answer because it totally depends on the situation and there’s not one accurate way to do it. I’ll just try to go with the flow and do what feels right.
Cuddling certainly sounds nice lol. Thank you, I’ll do my best :)
I’m really sorry to hear that man. I have depression and anxiety myself actually. I understand how hard it gets. I was never suicidal but I wanted to hurt myself really badly at one point. Lately I feel like my depression has gotten a little better but my anxiety is getting a little worse. I don’t really have answers or advice, but my dms or open if you need to talk.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzmtcj/im_tired_of_being_single_i_think_its_overrated_i/
Yeah I’m just tired of not having anyone. I’m almost 22 and this is supposed to be “my prime” yet I don’t have anyone. I just want someone kind to spend time with, cuddle, hold hands with grow with, cook with. Ugh it’s so hard. Like I’m on dating apps, yet the convos don’t seem to go on for more than a week. I’m a pretty good guy, respect women, have ambitions and in grad school. Are girls attracted to this? And I’d like to believe I have a personality. I like playing tennis, cooking, hiking, exploring new things. Anyway thanks for listening.
Try being in your 30s with the same problem. 😔
Don’t just try to be nice to women. They’re humans just like you, and want to be addressed and talked to as such. Talk to them and actually try to get to know them instead of acting like your just aiming for a full on relationship with them. Even if that works you could be unhappy because you didn’t get to try to know who they are and if you like them as a friend first. People can tell what other people are after even without saying it.
« Im a pretty good guy, respect women » boy oh boy oh boy😬😬😬
?? I think I sound bad by saying that? I’m genuinely confused. What I meant was, I’m seeing a lot of guys who are in relationships despite not treating their partners well. I’m not that type of person, and so that’s what I was trying to point out
🤣🤣👍
Maybe you are too good for your own good bro
Huh? How so?
Lol people are downvoting me..😂...look when you say you “respect women” I hope you don’t mean giving women special treatment because they are women.i hope you just mean giving everyone the basic level of respect everyone deserves.. I’m not telling you to disrespect women or a woman for no reason at all but women are not attracted to you being a “good guy” or respecting them..so mentioning that is kinda useless..it’s like going to a cashier job interview and telling them you are a good fisherman.. it’s good for you but they don’t really need or want any fishermen at the job they want cashiers.. so yeah give everyone a basic level of respect but don’t think that it helps with women..it doesn’t hurt you nor helps you..
He means stop being a wet blanket
>Lol people are downvoting me..😂...  People are downvoting you because instead of giving this advice, your previous comments were condescending as fuck. (also, you're using emoji on reddit, that's a hard no no :P )
Exactly
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzqv98/death_bed_by_powfu/
It's bittersweet knowing that your girlfriend or wife will mourn your departure, shows that they really loved you deeply.  But to us (or at least for me) only my parents and siblings will mourn us, others won't; they won't even notice or even be interested in asking.
I would also recommend giving "I could never be loved" by powfu, it's one of my favorites from him.
My fav is Dead Eyes - Powfu
If you love Powfu I suggest listening to:  • Resident • SadboyProlific • Neon dion • Fudasca • Ouse • Skele • Jomie • Rxseboy • Beowulf • Sarcastic Sounds
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzn5e8/i_want_to_be_better_but_i_dont_know_what_to_do/
I’ve really been trying to be the adult I want to be after I graduated high school. I graduated from community college, I got my first job and now I have way more money than I know what to do with. The problem is that I still hate myself. I live in my parent’s basement. I don’t like them but they don’t make me pay rent or anything so that’s part of why I have more money than I need. I’m still ugly even though I’ve done everything I can with what I have. I have a car and go places when I want to, but I don’t know what to do. I’ve been trying to focus on social skills these past few years and I’ve gotten a lot better. I can actually keep eye contact with people now. I’m still not great but I’m better than I ever have been at socializing.   I’ve had a lot of time off of work lately and all I’ve been doing is sitting at home and I hate it. I want to go out but there’s nothing to do. I don’t live around anything and I don’t have friends who want to hang out irl anymore. All this time at home is just making my porn addiction worse.   I hate being me. I want to be productive and cool and attractive. I’ve been trying but I’ve gotten nowhere and I just don’t know what to do anymore.
gEt A hObBy
What job you in?
Have you considered moving to your own place? Granted, that can get expensive, but I feel living independently would do wonders on raising self esteem and confidence in the long run.
Cats/dogs are great, adopt some, they make one feel important and loved, provide sense of purpose. It's sad when they die eventually, but still so damn worth it. Sign up for local art club. Artists are usually pretty okay, many of them struggle with a lot of social stuff so it's easier to talk to them, you won't feel the sense of inferiority as much.
Sounds to me like you're doing a pretty good job. You just have to keep at it -- the road of self-improvement is neverending -- and hope someone comes along eventually. Unfortunately there are no guarantees, but you're at least maximizing your odds.
I actually do have plenty of hobbies, just not ones that involve other people.
I work in a warehouse.
I’ve thought about it a lot, but I don’t know if I’m ready. I’m planning on going back to college at some point so I don’t want to have to work and go to school if my parents will let me live here for free.
Do it. Trust me. Get out while you can
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzgbon/hit_a_new_low_point_saw_this_in_my_fb_newsfeed/
&#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/1e4w96havyb61.jpg?width=1078&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8647448a0154ab820dd390fdfbb3131384839694
Facebook is bad but at least easy to stay away from and universally recognized as a detriment to people's mental health. Seeing shit like that in real life though, knowing it's normal for everyone else, sucks though lol
😂 ouch
This is a life ending meme 🙃🔫
Serves you right for being on Facebook.
Even though I know what you said is true, I think if I were in a better place in my life, it wouldn't get to me. I insist it is my fault and not FB's. This was basically a post meant to encourage gratitude. Little did they know... lol xD
damn right @!$!$!!#%
Miss the days when i could see pics like this and be indifferent
ikr
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzljkz/i_feel_empty_when_im_at_home_but_miserable_when_i/
Places full of couples or groups of friends, like bars and malls, are especially terrible. And college was the worst, thank God I already graduated.
I know how you feel.
My epitaph
[${URL}] https://i.imgur.com/P7jWGXO.png

Yoooo thats fucked up
I found this on Optimus's recent video about people posting embarrassing rejections and a few more stories about humiliating situations that people said on Twitter. being shamed or shaming themselves... This stood out to me because I've been rejected so many times similar to this. It makes you feel ugly.
ive been in this situation twice, i just say good luck, keep looking im sure hes out there and do something to take my mind of it like play games or watch anime.
What she means is „I want you, but attractive“.
this is called emotional abuse and mindgames. I wouldn't even so much as even consider this person a friend. I was used all my high school life told the same shit. A compete waste of time cause after high school that worth blew up and I didn't need susie validating that self worth. draw your own value from you not her opinion. thats not cute or kind. Shes not better than anyone else
This is the kind of thing that crushes a man's self-esteem forever.
Been there
OMG WTF is this insult? "I need a you who isn't you". Make up your goddamn mind! How can you want someone who's not that someone?   I hope whoever got this message made up the mind of the girl by walking away themselves. You don't need someone like this in your life.
Who in his/her sane mind would say something like that??
[deleted]
Fuck  Don't let yourself be used a emotional dump
well, fuck you too
people did this to me because I wasn't cool in high school.  I had the personality but since I had to use the special ed resource room quite a bit because of my bad eyesight I was a no go for dates.
Not an ounce of self-awareness in her, huh?
Translation: I need a you that isn't repulsively, sickeningly ugly.
Oof
Empathetic gender moment
I'm so used to being told this sort of thing.  It's expected.  This statement starts my "write them out of my life" timer.
I would stop being this person's friend. They are not worth the hurt.
Or just maybe she is afraid that if she gave you a chance and it didn’t work out she would loose you as a friend too and doesn’t want to take that chance.
Damn that's colder than my brother who is complaining about being single for a couple of years while he knows exactly that i never even hold hands with a girl.
Any girl this disrespectful isn't worthy of being apart of your life in any capacity. I'd drop any girl like this in a heartbeat no matter how lonely I felt.
F
Fuck her to be honest. That's fucking trashy.
That's just cruel.
Well that’s fucking rude of her. Wtf.
Why are you copping emotional abuse? Just cut them off if you're torturing yourself with conversation like that.
It's like she wants to tie the noose, hand you a knife, load the gun, and push you off the edge all in one.
This is only bad if he actually wanted more from her.
Ouch
Its the one rock solid lesson I've learned about people in general. They are certain about what they like and 100% ignorant about what they want.
“I need a you who isn’t you” fucking OUCH.
Damn
Yeah we all know that 'find someone with same hobbies' is total nonsense.
WTF, hurtful much?
That's just terrible smh
I been there a few times. Stop talking as soon as you get confirmation of their thoughts like this. Don't keep trying hoping they will change their mind. You can do it slowly or keep them at a distance but don't invest anything.
Daayuum! Even *I* felt that sting
Improve your sexual market value. Go to the gym, eat right, get your money up.
She doesn’t deserve you king. Fuck em
That doesn't change the fact that there's more people around the world, I think you guys are desperate for something that in principle shouldn't even bother you, im an average looking guy and I don't give a single flying fuck if I have to stay alone my entire life. Life is already full of more important problems, and just knowing how females think in this era it's just cringe, why would I need a motherfker who will drag down my progress. Just let life be, and fucking APPRECIATE THE FACT THAT YOU'RE ALIVE.
Ouch man, that’s gotta hurt. You can do better. Her loss, not yours.
She rose from her slumber and chose violence
Wow, the tact. I have the opposite issue, good looking but nothing upstairs. They only want sex anyway.
Or they call you cute but not their type.
Link to the vid please?
Theres an lG page :downbadpatrol It posts all these submissions where people get rejected real bad.I saw this chat on there,maybe he took it from this mentioned vid.
I don't even need to feel ugly. I know that for a fact.
This is fake
yeah this is shitty but what the screenshot shows is not abuse. the situation the person whose screenshot it is might be in a toxic/abusive situationship with this person, but this screenshot alone does not display emotional abuse.
Exactly
Nah bro that's a weak mentality. YOU'RE A MAN live up to your gender, give no fucks. We used to fucking war and you're saying that some female puta can play with your mind?
News flash: most people aren't sane
No literally one says friendzone isn’t a thing because we’ve all been there at some point no matter how hard or easy we had it.
The friendzone is the idea that a mindset is keeping you from scoring. The first problem is people become fixated on this idea that being friends is stopping. The second is that people offer friendship as rejection. The truth is people just don't want to fuck and they couldn't think of anything better to say. The thing is people change their minds, when things change. Turning relationships into titles, requires ceremony. Basically it overcomplicates everything.
I think both are missing that aspect. It should have been obvious from the first text that she's not attracted to him. The rest was a waste of time to both sides.
Ah yes, one text gets to represent an entire gender. Gotta love that one, class act on that.
Bullshit, how are you going to change your facial bone structure?
Suuuuuure
Lol, wow. I guess only certain stories are wanted on here.   Technically no one broke rule #2, they just want to downvote you so you get the message.
No need to flex on us chad.
This. After a sea of rejections I guess I'm nobodies type.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nioJigiS8nk  I saved some of the really bad ones. Optimus was a more serious version of Birdman but he came into his own and is one of the better commentary channels on Youtube.
to each their own that's how I'd describe it, i'll even so much as say "emotional manipulation\*" instead of 'abuse' but a duck that still quacks like a duck...
Everything traditionally associated with this gender sucks. I grew up surrounded by men and have done manly man things for decades between Boy Scouts, work, and school. It was mostly loud, uncomfortable, smelly, and tedious. And anyone who's talked to a veteran knows war is mostly those things too.
[deleted]
Plenty of people claim its not a thing, I think the big issue comes down to language, many people see people who claim friendzone status are those who blindly lust after people and develop an entitlement to a relationship or more and there is that negative context so they see people who claim friendzone are the more !ncel types.     But as most people here can attest to there is a real friendzone that exists, I know I 99% of the time end up in one because of my personality and most likely non diagnosed ASD plays into that as I fuck up social queues so people unconsciously dump me into that "could be my brother" stance.    That in of itself is not a bad thing and I have always been glad to have women in my friendship groups or extended social circles but yeah it sucked balls when trying to find someone to date.
But you also run the risk of fucking up a legit friendship if you try and escalate.
And I think she knows exactly what she's doing and what effect it has on the other person. But hey, it's just my opinion, feel free to downvote if you don't like it.
I was poking fun at the stereotype of women being supremely empathetic, as there are people even here who fall for that
I didn’t say you can.
Lol! How is that a flex? In my experience guys will sleep with anything as long as you aren't morbidly obese. Saying that some guys will sleep with me is hardly a compliment.
Same man, same
Yet*
[removed]
I dont have anything against someone getting called out for shitty behavior, but this screenshot on its own doesnt fit the definition of emotional abuse and going so far to say it is emotional abuse truly waters down what the term is actually supposed to describe
How is this abuse or emotional manipulation? She isn't pretending to have interest in him as more than a friend.  She was brutally honest that she doesn't want him, but likes his personality.
So you're saying that you cannot control your animal urges to procreate, therefore you have to force yourself a depression because you can't cum... at the end of the day, you don't need no fucking one. You're a complete being, that's my stance. Drop mushrooms
It's definitely a thing. Can even happen in its own way when you go past the initial texting / talking.  Met this chick, got on like a house on fire. 5 weeks we hung out a lot, dinner & dance, making out, couple of night together, then when I started to treat it more seriously I got told that's it, it was just a fling, bit of fun, it was over she wanted a guy for a real long-term relationship. Apparently we were never dating, just FWB. Found out she went out with me on the rebound from a breakup. Felt emotionally used, felt like there was something real developing between us, but that was it. She was chatting up blokes on tinder while we were together, never intended to treat me with any respect or have any honesty. Pretty much used as a stop gap, maybe because I had my own place & car but it was fucking bullshit.  Otherwise I was led on by one chick, flirting, really got along, said not many blokes could make her laugh, then shortly after she's got a boyfriend, how great of a friend I am to her. Fucking hook line sinker into the friend zone right there.  An anecdote that goes the other way was a mate of mine who led this girl on all the way up to the point where she wanted to have sex, he said he needed condoms, said he'd go get some from the store up the road, asked her to wait for him there, and he ghosted her when he left. He reckons he never wanted to be with her, so why he let it go that far is beyond me.
Friendzone is a thing if you choose to stay in it after rejection. People who have casual sex on a whim ain’t the sharpest tools in the shed anyways.
What I'm getting at is that the idea, doesn't offer any positive merit in my understanding. I'm not offering advice, as I am incredibly unhappy with my life.
I imagine she is trying to reject him without something as blunt as saying "im not attracted to you" due to a fear of backlash. Think about it. If she says that she's not attracted to him, then she will be called vapid. If she phrases it in another way, it will still be looked down upon. Its impossible to know how exactly someone will react to a rejection but erring on the cautious side has its merits.   It would be helpful if we knew the exact dynamic between them. I truly hope it isn't a case of the guy constantly chasing and forcing relatability by mentioning things that they have in common.
But is the search for love worth it if you are a very low value individual? Statistically, the amount of rejections I would have to endure before finding a partner is astronomically high. My self-esteem can only take so many hits.  I know that if I were to get back into the dating market I would probabily end up trying to kill myself, again.  I have so much love and affection to give but the journey to finding a suitable partner is too perilous for me.
HUH?! No, I'm saying that all the stuff traditionally associated with being a man sucks from lived experience and it's not really worth trying to live up to that ideal. No idea where you got that stuff about animal urges and cumming.
Have you had a gf?
Your first sentence is correct, the second is a rather dumb assumption. Pretty sure people have (often spontaneous) casual sex at top universities
[removed]
That "ideal" is what you're trying to accomplish with a female, which, from my pov, isn't worth either.
Yea, after a year dropped her ass because I'm waaaaay waaayy happier alone. I don't have to keep up with bullshit, just MY bullshit.
At least some "people at top universities" are definitely not the sharpest tools in the shed, LOL.
Having casual sex indicates a lack of impulse control and disregard for the future.
It’s not that fucking easy. Eventually you reach a point where you can’t get out no matter how much you try. I used to be super confident and it never helped
I see, good for you. I’m having a hard time because of urges, if i lived on an island with no couples or women around it would be easier, not that i have anything against women, it just makes it harder to get hope out of my head.
Casual unprotected sex, I would agree. I don't think it's necessarily irresponsible if you use protection and it's between consenting adults
[removed]
I really get where you guys are coming from, before i had any intimate interaction with any females I was desperate for it, at the end of the day I'm really not trying to make you feel like shit but it's really us who "make up a reason to feel bad" when it shouldn't be that way. There are so many other things to invest our beautiful time in this earth.
Well I’ve been making an effort for 10 fucking years and each one just keeps getting worse than the last. For some of us escape just isn’t a possibility so stop acting like everything is our fault
You’re right, the grass isn’t always greener on the other side. I’m working on overcoming the brainwashing 🙏🏽
[deleted]
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzfgl7/i_made_it_out/
I used to hate when I would read these posts, but I, for the first time in years, have a girlfriend. I don't want to tell to much bc it feels a little douchy, but at least for the time beeing I am leaving this and all related subs.  I wish you all good luck.
> I used to hate when I would read these posts  I depends on where they come from. If a person has a serious hinderance or is old, then I actually think that it can be pretty inspiring.  If it's by a decend looking person in their teens/early 20s then it shouldn't really be here.
Congrats and best of luck to the both of you.
Congrats. How did you do it? You have a car?
>If it's by a decend looking person in their teens/early 20s then it shouldn't really be here.  Oh look, another person who thinks looks are everything. Well let me enlighten you: *you can be good-looking and still end up forever alone*!
> If it's by a decend looking person in their teens/early 20s then it shouldn't really be here.  Which is what's going on in this case, if you look at his post history
I do have a car but we actually met online, shes only 40 minutes away. We met on Yubo if you're wondering.
You can, but the likelihood decrease massively simply by having multiple times more opportunities. It's not a game of certainty but a game of odds after all.  I've seen a few good looking older kissless virgins myself but they are the exception to the rule.
You can pick on me if you want, Im used to it. But I have adhd and social anxiety. So just talking can be a challange for me. So theres my hinderance.
Nice
>simply by having multiple times more opportunities  n × 0 = 0  I've never had anyone interested in me. I haven't had opportunities because no one would ever give me a chance. It's like there's something about me that makes me inherently incompatible with everyone else and makes it impossible for people to consider me romantically. I really don't know what it is at this point.
Don't think about all the hate. You have made it out and I hope you never come back here again.
If you are really that good looking, have you already tried dating apps? It's hard to believe that you would get literally ZERO matches on it. How old are you anyway?
Thank you so much, I wish you extra luck.     Also I love your username
22M, haven't tried dating apps because a) I don't want my self-esteem to drop even lower and b) texting individual people makes me really anxious (even texting friends). Weirdly enough, I'm fine talking with people face-to-face, though that's not exactly possible right now and in the foreseeable future.  Edit: for context, I'm in my 4th year of uni and was relatively social before the pandemic (except in first year)
Thanks I hope once this pandemic is over to meet someone who accepts both parts of my username.
Well if you are really good looking then you should probably still try out online dating (and if you don't have any photos, then pay for some professional outdoor shots). You shouldn't text too long with girls on there anyway and try to get face-to-face as quickly as possible.  Otherwise if you didn't miss any signs in the past, then you are one of the outliers.  Honestly though, looks aren't my biggest problem, but I have otherwise the same problems as you + I'm not naturally social (fine with face-to-face though) + unattractive.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kznkqu/so_what_if_there_isnt_really_anything_good_about/
I don't really have much passion I lack motivation to do almost anything   I am in some honors classes which I am an imposter in as I am not extremely smart or smart at all really my grades are tanking.   Im about 5'5 unfit (like that matters) I am also very unattractive and insecure about most my face which is the only good thing 2020 has really had for me as now I get to cover my face when I go out and not look weird   Romantically I have had 1 girlfriend this was in the 9th grade and it didn't really amount to anything ( I am currently a Junior in highschool) which lasted lest then a year   I feel like coming from a non broke home in a first world nation (the United States) I should have turned out less of an object failer   sorry if this doesn't make much sense like I said I'm kinda stupid and a bad righter when it comes to stuff longer than a paragraph
Many many many people think they’re an imposter, it’s called Imposter Syndrome so don’t worry about it.  You’re not forever alone at 16 or 17. If you’re feeling depressed you may want to speak to a counselor though.
I'm a 17M and senior in highschool and I feel the same way. Honestly in highschool people are immature so I personally think it's better to focus on yourself now so when you get to college or wherever you chose to go later, you are the best person you can be which will hopefully attract the right people.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzhexz/would_you_want_to_have_kids/
I'm 95% sure I wouldn't, it'd feel wrong if they knew their father spent all his youth alone in his bedroom with zero friends wasting time on the internet, being a cast out who never hanged out with anyone, never developed social skills, never made any memories and didn't ever have any remarkable feats, missing out a great part of life  I'm 20 now and I don't think I will ever change, I don't really care about it but there's a little 5% remaining in me who kinda wants to leave offspring in the world before dying and that's what bothers me (which doesn't make much sense because it's practically impossible anyone will want to have kids with me anyway)  Maybe I'm too young to be thinking about this, but the thing is that, at least for me, years are going by more and more quickly so I'm sure I'll be 30 in a blink of an eye without even realizing it, still not having achieved anything  What about you?
100% no. It's actually one of the reasons i don't really try much with women or rather why nobody would want me. Because most women (i guess men too) want kids at some point - and that simply ain't gonna happen with me.  I can also say why  - i can not possibly put the burden of being alive upon anyone. Basically what if the child turns out just like me. Being depressed and unhappy 24/7 and wishing they were never born. It can be avoided. Maybe most parents think they can fix everything with enough love, communication and compassion. I don't know. But the truth is that sometimes things just can't be fixed. Not everything always ends up good  - a child is permanent. It needs attention and care. I can't even take real good care of myself.  - i can't really connect or vibe with children at all  - as a parent you're supposed to be sort of a guide to your child who explains them things, tells them stories and teaches them things. I can't do any of that because i simply have no significant experience in anything in life myself because i never do anything. Basically i am just an oversized child myself. If you compare me to other young adults, the difference is almost comical.   Edit: forgot one - our world is *already* grossly overpopulated..
No, the thing that i'm happiest about with never having had sex is that I have no worries of ever having kids.   I do NOT want my genes to continue. I do not want to create another human being who can potentially suffer.  I also probably couldn't handle the responsibly of raising a kid. I am also NOT good with dealing with interruptions.  I know never wanting kids would a dealbreaker for many women, but this is one of those things I will NOT change on. Even the most confident best version of myself should NEVER be a dad.  I rather be a single virgin all my life than have a child.
The one bright side to my being FA is that I never wanted kids. So that's shaving nothing off the board for me
Back when I still thought I had a chance of having a relationship and such I liked the idea of someday having kids, yeah.   But these days I don't even bother thinking about it cause I can't even get to first base. So will never even get that far.
Yes. I want to share the joys of pets and nature with them. To play games with them. Give them the vacations my family can't afford.  I'm not a 10 or even a 7, but I'm not amazingly ugly, and think I could help them learn from my mistakes and live a happy life. Kids bring me joy.  Too bad nobody wants a weird shit nugget like me
No, even though no one would. I hate kids, I'd be a shitty father and they're too many shitty parents as it is and the world sucks so i don't want to drop them in it.
No, and I do realize that lowers my chances of ever getting in a LTR with someone even more. I hold antinatalist views even. Children born now will greatly suffer from climate change and political instability. Adults get depressed,  they *know* how life turns out yet they decide to bring new life into this fucked up world that will go through the same.
Most people with kids shouldn't have them
you just described, my thoughts.
I used to want a family (and sometimes still dream/daydream about that) but I just know it's something I'm not meant for. Shitty genes, shitty mental health, plus who would ever wanna have kids with somebody like me. Plus once I hit 30 it definitely isn't happening, no matter what happens in the 30+ years.
I want one, but I’m ok with never having one, if that’s what she wants. but I would prefer to have one when I’m older.
No, for the most part. I’m only 16, so maybe I shouldn’t even be answering this, but either way, I don’t think I’ll ever change my mind. As to why, I just don’t want to commit my life to raising a child. I want to spend my life doing the things I want to do without being obligated to taking care of someone else. Plus, kids are sticky, smelly and annoying. Blegh.
If I were to get in a serious long term relationship I would hope kids would be an eventual goal. Not for a while though.
Contrary to what everyone else is saying, I have considered having children (given the chance) because I want to provide a good life to them that I never had. My parents divorced at an early age, mom didn't care about me, dad wasn't around. All these factored into who I turned out to be today: a 24 year old khv that's failed in almost every aspect of life with a variety of mental issues.  Call it selfish, but I would try and provide the best life possible to my children, because no one should ever live like me. I promised myself if I ever find someone to start a family, I would do whatever it takes to give them the life I never had.
I would like one.  Problem for me isn’t loving them or supporting them enough. It’s taking care of them. I have a hard enough time being able to take care of myself.
The thought of having kids has never come across my mind considering no one will ever want to have kids with me in the first place lol.
I don’t know how old you are but I never had an issue with dating but I have basically ended relationships 2 times now because I don’t want children.
Just because you don’t want kids why be a Virgin?
I'm almost 28. I honestly would not think it would be a good idea if i tried to date someone who wants kids. It would be unfair to them. But let's say i had a date (purely hypothetical) should i just say "hey i really like you but do you want kids someday? If so we should not see each other anymore"  i don't know. It's a delicate topic. Maybe it's good in a way that i'll never get a date anyway cause nobody's interested in me. There's a lot more wrong with me.
Sorry that my comment was misleading. I know that the  condom and vasectomy exists (but condoms don't always protect if used incorrectly). Not wanting kids is not why I am a virgin, but it is the main thing I am happy about being a virgin.
Yea basically don’t waste their time, one was long time gf I couldn’t be upset with her when she moved on. We got to that adult age of kid discussion and stuff so yea. Most women biologically are going to want kids especially at your age 28+
Nvm I just saw your post history
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzisrv/guess_i_really_should_have_a_car_before/
I might be wrong but from my observation not having a car makes me a lot less attractive to ladies. A female friend told me that as well and from the success stories i see here the guys all had cars. Not saying there is no exception its just an observation.
Ehh. I drive a 2018 black Chevy Camaro with chrome wheels and I still don’t get any looks lol.
Yes a car definitely helps not just with finding a relationship but just life in general lmao.
I'd say it depends heavily on where you are. From my experience in the UK, I can't say anyone cared when I didn't drive and not having a car is definitely more common than not having had relationships, although I definitely wish I got my license earlier from a practical standpoint. I've heard there's more of a stigma in some parts of the US, though I can't really say not having experienced it. Obsessing over whether the people in success stories drive is likely a waste of time since you don't know where they live or whether driving had any impact
Well i drive nice Lexus (GS450h) but i didn't bring me any luck with dating. From my experience nobody cared about it.  Still really like that car and driving.
There's a whole episode of American Dad making fun of this ideology. It's on hulu, you should watch it sometime
It would for sure help, I guess. Easier to meet and go places.  Not that it has helped me. I've had a car for 10 years and been FA for 28.
Just tell em you are environmental friendly. If they don't like that answer, you can guilt trip them.  Sorry that was a half joke.
Car, job (or school), and living alone in your own place are the most common requirements I see on dating sites. Safe to say that without all three a lot of women are not going to be interested. I don't know whether it's better to say having a car helps, or that having a car is the baseline expectation and not having one is crippling.
I guess a car is one of many symbols of success. Having a nice car implies you're wealthy, and being wealthy implies you're successful, and being successful implies you have many attractive qualities, e.g. ambitious, smart, competent.  Of course, this reasoning is flawed. Some people are born into wealth. Others might've purchased a nice car on impulse, thus risking their financials. In the end, if you lack a specific symbol of success (a car), then you could potentially make up for it by having other ways to "showcase" your level of success (nice house/apartment, nice clothes, etc.)  Now, stepping back, people who are attracted to wealth may not necessarily be the type of people you want to date. It's reasonable to expect a certain level of financial health, but there also exist unreasonable expectations. I think it'll help to pin down what you think is reasonable and aim for people who feel the same way as you.
You are correct 100%, car, license, job are kinda on the "basic" list any "adult woman" who accepts lower than that has questionable standards. Doesn't have to be a sports car but just something that moves.
Camaro gang gang 🤘
Perhaps car ownership is necessary, but not sufficient. 🙂
Nice to get more confirmation. I’ll try when i have a car
Cool, That gives you an edge
Whats the episode
Stay strong brother
😂 😂 good one
When you think about it those 3 things are the bare minimum and I don’t even meet those lmfao fuck me
Not having one is crippling. You have to meet the basic baseline expectations of being an adult with your shit together.
Not just that unfornately. Some places are designed so to get anywhere you basically have to drive. In those places, then it makes sense to want a romantic partner to  have a car so they don't have to be their partner's chauffeur.
that is unless u live in downtown portland and ride bikes everywhere :-D
Thanks
Having a vehicle can give off the perception you have some sense of responsibility. That's why it's a plus to have.
Season 2 episode 3
Not sure about where you are, but here in the UK I know loads of people around my age (20s) who don't have a car and/or live in home or in house shares. Providing they are independent I don't think it's fair to say those things are a baseline
[deleted]
I agree it can be crippling in a sense but I wont say its a baseline for having your shit together or maybe I’m just a low value man
Thanks
I can pay my own damn bills, buy my own cars, and take you out to dinner, but l am not going to lower my quality of life because he can't afford vacation with me or half of the mortgage on the house l want. Falling in love and having realistic relationship plans are 2 separate issues. Don't have kids with a person that can't support them. Love doesn't feed and clothe your kids. It doesn't pay for education or extracurricular activities either. That's why her momma said that.
How many working adults do you know that don't have a car?
Like 6-7 but they are around my age
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzl75i/forever_alone/
I’m just going to post this out here since it’s all built inside ready to come out! I’m 20 years old trans male never ever been on a date before. All my brother are married and happy all my friends are married some are pregnant and ready to start families. I’m just here lonely as ever. I look on Facebook to try to distract myself of my fruitless existence then see a “oh their now in a relationship or happily married “ I’m happy for them and all but it’s just leaves me thinking I’m going to just die alone.......but with cats.....900 of them around me.....that doesn’t sound to bad.....
I hear you with the cats. I'm also lonely as ever, but when I walk around and one of the neighborhood cats looks at me, it makes my day.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzi1cm/i_saw_the_cute_girl_from_my_street_earlier_on_the/
...nothing happened, she sit in the back and I spent the rest of the time wandering about having a great conversation with her and she giving me her phone number, but we didn't talk and I got frustrated as always because I could initiate a conversation, but I'm too scared and shy for that.
Just do it man. The worst thing she can do is tell you to leave her alone. Shoot your shot.
If a girl tells a guy asking her out in public to leave her alone, then I would say that it's pretty risky and not to mention extremely embarrassing. I don't know about OP's situation looks-wise, but It's generally considered creepy for a guy to approach a female in public unless that guy is good looking. Luckily for me, I've never had to face that kind of embarrassment because I've never taken that risk.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzij48/anyone_else_suffer_from_extreme_hypersexuality/
(This post might contain TMI - you have been warned)  I'm 22M and a kh virgin and on top of that suffer from an extremely high libido, I am constantly aroused and thinking about sex, from the moment I wake up to when I go to sleep my entire life revolves around sexuality. This started as early as I can remember, when I was 10 I would jerk off about 20 times a day and constantly roam the house looking for makeshift 'toys', basically anything that could remotely work.  I'm bi so i'm attracted to a lot of people which made going through middleschool and highschool hell, and college isn't any easier now. And since I can't really satisfy these urges I started exploring all sorts of kinks and sexual deviancy from there.  It never went away or even slowed down, only got worse. I am depressed on and off on a weekly basis practically, it usually triggers when I watch/read something sexual and realize I can't have it. Then the next week I will be extremely hyper and daydream 24/7 about extremely vivid and elaborate fantasies, often not touching myself for days.   I never watch any kind of porn, usually I don't need anything but thoughts to get me off, and regular pornography does absolutely nothing. I have practically every fetish in existence, and even the ones I think I don't, I can see myself being into them eventually. I can't even call them fetishes and I don't think I'm genuinely interested in many of these things, but just about anything could in theory provoke arousal, even if just for the fact it is odd and taboo.   I have gotten off to humans, animals, plants, fictional characters, mythological beings, demons, angels, aliens, objects, ideas, feelings, bodyparts, songs, poetry, art and pretty much anything you can think of.   Sometimes after I get out of a depressive episode I realize I developed a new fetish spontaneously, and it becomes an obsession that keeps me going for a while.  I have done really weird things I won't mention here, but regardless, this is a curse seeing as I'm FA and bound to be a virgin for life.
You might be a sex addict(crazy right lol)..and how is it even physically possible to masturbate 10 times let alone 20 times at 10??
You mention coming out of a depressive episode... many times people with bipolar affective disorder experience hyper-sexuality during mania. Have you ever mentioned these episodes to a health care professional?
Please don't take this the wrong way - I think you need a therapist.   Yes, this would be horrible to go through as an FA but if you want to even attempt to find a partner....this would scare them away.   Doesn't sound happy or healthy to live this way.  *Do not tell them you are foreveralone.* Tell them you lack real world healthy sexual companionship/experience or outlets and it affects your mood to an extensive extent, because it does.
> I can't even call them fetishes and I don't think I'm genuinely interested in many of these things, but just about anything could in theory provoke arousal, even if just for the fact it is odd and taboo.  Not uncommon but it seems pretty unhealthy. Where does it end?
I often wank four times a day to completion. I do usually use some kind of porn, though. Does that put me in hypersexual territory?
I was like that until I finally got laid. I rarely watch porn now.
Consider hookers
I ask myself the same thing but I used to count back then.
Once an hour
Never talked to anyone about mental health, for sure not starting now. It could be I guess, I am not euphoric/happy though, just aroused, but can separate between the two.
Probably not any less healthy than being an incel, which is as unhealthy as smoking over a dozen cigarettes a day according to science. I dont really care where it ends honestly
Bro how tf do you gather the energy to get hard again after the fifth time
Not saying you will become a creep, but that is the kind of spiraling perverted sexual fantasy that certain creeps get into...
[removed]
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzeq1s/23f_never_had_a_boyfriend_or_even_first_kiss/
How pathetic is that. I know its my fault because i have social anxiety and i literally never leave my house unless I have to. Ive lost hope in ever finding someone
I feel you on the anxiety bit. There's nothing outside that interest me. I don't wanna go out anywhere cause there will be other people, and I'll just make a fool of myself.
I feel the same. Love is not real and not everyone has someone to feel complete and satisfied because we're stuck being alone for the rest of our lives. What a life this is, I feel like I'm not missing anything after I'm gone because of the pleasant things that would bring me a little bit of joy that I imagine to get in my life but never get to experience because everything we want is not possible and that's most of us. I agree with you
Don’t lose hope. You just need to force yourself to go out and do stuff to meet people.
I can relate, even though I’m almost 17 and my time might be coming (highly doubt it though, I’m a depressed, socially awkward, mental mess). I don’t leave my house either, mainly because I just started doing online school for the rest of my Junior year, so any hope for me meeting anyone has been flushed down the shitter. It seems like everyone else finds love except for you, doesn’t it. I just can’t believe I feel THIS lonely at my age. I’ll never understand how people manage to deal with being lonely for years on end.
>Love is not real  Love *is* real. Assuming love is a *good thing* is an entirely different issue.
I never get invited anywhere
Sometimes I wonder if our real problem is not being able to realize how things really are so we make very stupid problems like not having a girlfriend at 16  Dude, you are 16. Shut up.
If it's real then I would be surrounded by love. I don't have an ounce of love in my life from anyone and not everyone has someone.  I don't have any family and friends and that I'm better off alone. I do everything alone anyways with or without people
You don’t have to be invited to go out. Surely you have passions and things that you like doing. You don’t need anyone to do those things with. It’s just getting out there and seeing other people doing the things that you like doing. That’s how you build a connection. For me, I got to the gym 6 days a week, and when I don’t have work or school, I like going to game shops, the beach and sporting good stores.
I used to go gym and made some friends there. But my country is now on lockdown I cant go anywhere.
Eh, idk about OP, but I try to do my best to enjoy life, even alone.  There's good times, but living has become more and more of a chore...
Do you play online games? There are chat rooms where you can talk to people at least and find common ground with games and maybe even other things.
I dont but I would like to. What games do u recommend?
Really any MMO’s. PC wise I recommend League of Legends and WoW. Console wise you really can’t go wrong. There is GTA V Online,  first person shooters, etc. I don’t play a lot of games, but I know most people do and they talk in the chats. Discord is also pretty popular for gaming.
Thanks. Ill try
I'd strongly suggest avoiding league of legends, its one of the most toxic gaming communities to ever exist. Lots of people do well on WoW though.
you can still make friends there imo, at least I got very very lucky and met one of the two persons id call "friend" there
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzdnof/i_just_hate_how_ive_only_been_so_far_as_to_going/
And I’m 27F it sucks cause I feel like all of my friends have been in a relationship one time or another in their lifetime and I’m here trying to even make it to the first date and it’s so hard I don’t know why I can’t find anyone willing to stay!?
Well, congratulations for getting dates, let alone a 3rd or a 4th date.  Keep at it.  I'm 47 and have yet to go on a single date ever.
Whats your approach? Where do you meet them? How and what do u say to ask them out? Where do you go?
Try tinder! That’s where I found all mine
I’ve only met guys from tinder so far and usually we go out to eat and then just hangout after
I'm 47... to me tinder is something you use to start a fire.
Tinder is a literal self-esteem killer for most guys here since they can't get any matches. It's a completely different world for guys compared to girls.
Tinder is really garbo if you're not a straight white male or any sort of woman. The orientation filter especially is non-existent.
It makes sense honestly, Tinder is really a hook-up app, not a relationship app
oh so these are guys asking YOU out to "eat" from Tinder.. and then can you elaborate on "hangout after" do u go to the park? chill and listen to music in the car? Netflix and chill? go back to their place....
Straight white male? White guys barely get matches on Tinder in my area. Unless you're black or Latino (and look it) you never get anything. So I don't know where you get that from.
Yeah your right probably like 80% are only there for hookups and the other truly want a relationship
Just chill in the car and drive around
okay well maybe skip that part and end it at dinner, its all about the cash ;-) that way they have to call you back for another date :-D just a suggestion :-D
Good idea
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzgyo3/rowing_to_keep_myself_in_track/
It was one of those random things for winter that I bought, thanks to the Covid as well, a Rowing machine.  Some say it's best to focus on workout, to not focus on the reality of being alone.   Anyone here using a rowing machine or working out to keep the mind off loneliness ?
I’ve used one before. Curious if you’re seeing results off it. And what kind you have.
I have a rowing machine and I enjoy using it in 4-6 minute bursts. Unfortunately, I only use it once a week at most so I doubt any results are happening.
I have a rower similar to The Kettler Kadett Rower
I'm not sure what frequency is good for losing fat, I used to have a frequency of 20mins per day - 5 days a week.  I wonder if it's a good idea to do 20mins *2 (morning and evening) - 5days a week?
20 MINUTES?!?!  I do not have the energy for that. 🤣
This one https://youtu.be/st_AakadXdk  Just follow the video 😅 your automatically complete the 20 mins
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzbd0l/i_just_want_to_stop_feeling_miserable_around_them/
No matter how HARD I move on or accept their relationship I walk in feeling miserable because they are within vicinity around me and yet feel like they are billions of light years away from my reach and there is nothing I can do. It feels like my soul is being tortured
The worst is when you’re watching happiness or ecstasy. Like you think why not you ya? Like how are we not there instead? Are we not good enough? I think these things. Just remember OP it’s not something we’re doomed to, but damned if it don’t feel like it. Your day is coming OP.
I'm not understanding the topic of this post
You possibly need to broaden your imagination then eh?
Or be more specific then, eh?
or maybe i dont care :)
Cute
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzavsk/my_mom_is_my_literal_only_friend/
I’m a 21 year old female, and I have no friends. Nobody likes me, or cares about me. I have nobody I could call up to just hang out with. I dated a girl, from the time I was 13 to the time I was 19, and we were engaged. She was my best friend, and only friend really. Long story short, she cheated on me. Hates my guts now because I was hurt by her actions. We don’t have any association anymore after all those years and struggles together to get where we were. So, that was just another thing that hurt my confidence. Any “friends” I do get, always end up leaving. I’ve gotten to the point where I feel like it’s my fault.   Now, I get upset about this a lot and I cry. I love my mom, more than anything, and I love doing things with her but sometimes she just doesn’t understand why I get so upset. She tells me “well, at least you have someone.” Maybe she’s right, and I appreciate her, but I just don’t know. I get upset nonetheless. Am I in the wrong for it? I just don’t know anymore.   TW: Death, Suicidal?  I go to sleep every single night hoping that I don’t wake up, because I feel like I have nothing to live for anymore. I have no motivation.
same, 22 almost 23 year old female, literally 0 friends never get any calls or texts, only ppl i interact with are family members.
I just turned 22. I have literally 0 friends and hang out with my sister's (sometimes). I had friends like at the start of last year and can relate sorta with the friends leaving bit. Well not exactly but basically I realised they weren't great friends. I really hope you find friends someday who are true and actual good friends.
[removed]
I’ve never related to a post more. Something that keeps me going and gets me up in the mornings is my pets. I have two cats and a dog and their love for me and the duties that I have to look after them are sometimes enough to get me out of my depression getting out of bed. Animals are great. Even if I don’t get any texts during the day, having one of my pets curl up next to me makes me feel so warm and fuzzy and loved that I forget about not having any human friends.  Please consider getting a pet or two. It will really help.   If it doesn’t, I know I’m a random stranger on Reddit, but I love you and appreciate everything you’re doing. Every time you get up in the morning, every time you smile - even if it’s just at a random meme - I’m proud of you. I’m happy you’re still here. You’re incredible ❤️🧡💛💚💙
My mom hates me, all she ever does is scream and yell for no reason, and she doesn't even wanna help me being bullied and friendless in school. FML
You can at least try internet friends, who might one day be irl
I have a cat, and I get what you’re saying, cause I love her so much and to a certain extent, she does help. Thank you so much 💕
I’m so sorry :( if you need a friend, I’ll be your friend. It’s hard not having anyone.
they suck tbh
I have a couple Internet friends, but I can’t catch a movie with them or go out for a drink with someone so far away...
Thanks :)
I see why you're a loser
arent we all
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzace5/21m_never_had_a_relationship_its_so_frustrating/
I have worked so much on myself. Like I started working at a place, where I've had to do telephones daily. I wanted to die everytime in the beginning, but I got better. I grew confident in speaking my mind. And like I can do conversation now kind of. I also don't think I look especially ugly. So I thought, maybe it's just because I'm too afraid of rejection. So I made an online dating account. Every single conversation I have on there, just stops after a few texts. Everytime.  Now I have had this kind of cute girl text me after a situation like that, that she was really sry for not replying to my last message. I literally was honest and told her, that this keeps happening to me (I was so sick of playing this game) and gave her my phone number to text me directly. She actually texted me. Bingo I thought.  The problem is, this got my hopes up so much... It's literally been difficult to think about anything else the last few days. So while texting with her, I turned into the most socially awkward myself I have been in years. Now she doesn't reply again after my last weird text and I literally can't anymore.  I've realised that it's kind of always been how I fucked up. In general I'm kind of ok with people. But when I get my hopes up my brain gets so fixated on idears, that I can't function normally. I thought I left this person behind, but I'm still the same loser.
The way you talk about yourself is very hard. It looks like you're very frustrated and very sad. Dating can be really confusing at the beginning, and this kind of experiences really can mess up with your self esteem.  I don't really know the solution to your problem, but you don't need to go through all those feelings alone. Seeking help dealing with this kind of situations and taking care of your mental health is always a smart move. It has helped me a lot. Not to get anyone to love me, but to love myself a little bit more.  I hope you find a way to love yourself too! I wish you the best of luck!  Edit: typo
Yeah, I was really stuck in my head. I was able to talk it through with an awesome person here on reddit and I gained a more objective view on myself, which feels awesome. Thanks for your kind words - have a nice day.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kz9ql3/i_always_ruin_it/
I'm not very good at figuring out if someone is interested in me in person. But I know I'm at least halfway good looking so I resort to online dating apps to start conversations with women since ik they at least find me attractive or somewhat compatible if we match. Problem is, ill search for months for someone who I'm actually able to talk to. Then after maybe a week of talking (if I'm lucky) ill either blow the conversation or just get discouraged that it will actually work out. The longest I've talked to a girl from an app continuously is about a month and that was by far the longest and after the 2nd date we stopped talking. Idk why I'm like this.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kzimeh/simple_plan_im_just_a_kid/
Amazing song and I think many of you could relate. I certainly do
not my cup of tea, I don't think a band of chads would ever move an emotion inside me.
Thanks, I like it a lot
Ironically listened to that a lot when I was way younger
Is there a FA band?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyu7yf/21f_never_been_in_a_relationship_virgin_etc/
I’m a woman turning 22 this year, and I have absolutely no romantic or sexual experience. I know why. I’m ugly. I’m not the first kind of person you think about when you think “beautiful woman.” I’m very socially awkward. It’s hard to get words out most times. I’m boy-ish. I look even more horrific in makeup and don’t even know how to do my own. My body is really nothing special. My hair is shit. My mental health is awful. And also, I get regularly mistaken for a 12 or 13 year old, (everyone in my family likes to remind me about that like it’s a “joke” really cementing how unattractive I really am.)  It kills me to no end to it won’t happen for me. I’ve cried so many times. And I’m tired of all the “advice”: -Ask them out. -I have many times and get rejected.  -You’re still young. -I’m a statistical outlier. Even people who’ve never had a partner have at least been on dates or have had sex, or hell, been kissed outside that one time they were dared to in middle school.  -Focus on other things. -I have a job. I’m in school. I have hobbies. I still want a partner.   -Dating apps? -Right now, I’m living at “home” in the middle of nowhere in a town where I didn’t grow up. Also, my social anxiety issues make it very hard to even fathom dating apps. Plus, I’m ugly. I look like an actual, ugly child. What is swiping through pictures gonna do for me?  I’m also tired of being told that I must be making this all up cause I’m a girl and girls have it easier. I’ve been rejected by anyone I’ve ever pursued. Men and women. (Though don’t get me started on my family’s violent homophobia, and how that affects this too.) And being bullied all my life about how I look, how I speak, who I AM by everyone around me has really shattered any confidence I have in the matter.   I’m just tired. I hate that I’ve been a romantic since I was a child. I hated the princess romance and things like that. I just wanted companionship and to love someone who wanted me to love them. And I think I’m coming to the realization now that I should mourn the loss and move on.
[deleted]
I can somewhat relate. I’m turning 30 this year and I’ve never dated, had sex, or kissed a girl. I’m sorry that you’ve had to deal with that
I've been mistaken for a guy practically my entire life. Nothing like being called "sir" in front of an entire group of strangers in a store at the age of 12 or 13. I still cringe at that memory.
Hey, we’re basically the same person, so I’m here if you want to chat.
man. It's like I typed this myself. It's even sadder seeing it in someone else's pov
I totally get the looking young thing. I'm older than you and am often mistaken for a high schooler. Can't grow any facial hair and am short. I hate how the only option when people bring it up is to laugh or joke with it or "You're being weird, we were only joking" Haha so fucking funny haven't heard it thousands of times before it starts to actually eat away at you.
I’m so sorry. I’m in the same spot so I totally relate, except I’m a guy. I too hate being a romantic. All I’ve ever wanted was love, but it’s the one thing I can never get.
it sucks, but that is the luck we are stuck with.  this doen't mean much but try to figure out your self worth even if that means you have to get away from certain people  learn about you and other people specially extroverts   don't way to be like me,now that I've lost all motivation, I've figured out that I could have just copy some social skills.
I know what you mean about giving up. Let us know if you figure out how to do it. I'm tired of crying about the loneliness. I'm tired of the desperation, that something might come out of nowhere. I'm tired of reminding myself to be happy for other people, when I'm fully jealous. I'm so miserable, if I could give up... Maybe then I can enjoy life.
You’re not alone on this one, I’m nearing 30 - never dated, had sex or even kissed a girl. I’m basically a loser. I’m sorry that you’re feeling that for quite some time now.
To the people who tell you "you're still young", they are right, however as a 32F who never had a boyfriend, the whole FA/being a statistical outlier starts early. It's not like you wake up at 30 feeling like "hey maybe I missed the boat". Personally I always felt that romance and love and sex were for other people, not me. When I was 14 and my friends were talking about crushes and boys they liked and all, I didn't understand it. When I was 21 and my best friend had sex for the first time, I couldn't understand it. It felt like such an inconceivable notion, to do that with someone, to be desired, and not to be treated like an ugly swamp dweller by the opposite sex.  I've been on my very first date at 27. It only seems "cool" on this sub, but in real life, when your friends are married and/or with kids or in a LTR for the past 5 years, it's just a massive, massive red flag. Men on dating sites clearly found it weird and a few thought I was a catfish, or a man, or just messing with them.   If I can help you OP, feel free to send me a message me. Just so that you don't end up like me.
I'm 22, bi, and get mistaken for a 12 / 13 year old too. Never touched anyone, never even had friends since the day I was born. Some of us have it pretty hard :P But stay strong, you will likely end up finding someone who sees you in a special way.
I'm so sorry.
Im 24 and a guy... but i totally get how you feel.  Being bullied for our looks, seeing other people do things that we might never get to do... it truly sucks.   I guess the only thing that i could tell you is to hang in there, find something to get distracted... its what i have been doing.
Sorry to hear that you're having a rough time. I don't know you, and don't need to, to tell you that I think you're beautiful. Baring your soul, while it is on the internet is still hard, and you had the courage to do that. I won't offer any useless advice, but just simply say I wish you all the best, and hope things improve for you. You are worthy of every good thing this world has to offer, whether the world realizes that or not.
If it's any consolation, being single and lonely is better than being in an unhappy relationship. People who are foreveralone tend to be VERY vulnerable to potential partners with ulterior motives or predatory intentions, or they might be temped to just settle for the first person who gives them a chance.  I've made both mistakes in the past and don't recommend it.
Same but I'm 24. I've been contemplating giving up on dating completely.
i relate to this post so much. youre literally me but like the female version lol. everything you went through ive gone through as well and im a 20 yr old guy.  I got bullied growing up in middle/high school  for my looks. People literally hated me for no reason and laughed at me  and that shit straight up destroyed my self esteem and confidence. Cold, cold world out here.
I used to watch a series called ‘the undateable’ on youtube..it made me realise that there are more unlucky people than me
I have a friend who is 28. Your story sounds just like yours. About three months ago, she met another teacher at a seminar. They have pretty much become inseparable. It looks like they are going to get married in June. It can happen for you just as well.
Can I ask if you've ever been approached by men or women without trying? If people are showing interest, then there could be a path to a relationship for you. You just have to practice sealing the deal, which for some people comes naturally and others takes years.   On the other hand, if people are not making uninvited advances, the issue might be your appearance like you say. Welcome to the club. However, and I know you said you don't want to hear this, but as a woman you might have more options to improve your appearance than you think.   Also, your family sounds a little harsh. I don't know your family, by consider calling them out on it the next time they make some snide comments. Practice before you do it, so you don't blow up and over play your hand. But if you flip it back on them that they're just running you down instead of helping build you up, who knows, maybe they'll get motivated to be real family to you and pull out the stops to help.
[removed]
I’m exactly like you :(
[removed]
It sucks looking way younger than you actually are. I'm 26 and people assume that I'm 16. I'm holding out hope that I'll look 26 when I turn 36, but I know I'll more likely rapidly age at some point. lol
Loneliness can be hard, and when you're that young it can feel like there's nothing else. It makes sense that you feel that way because your whole life experience tells you that. It's just logical.  But hang on a little bit more. A lot of people start later. Just try to give yourself the love you deserve. If you struggle with that, maybe you can look for help. What you're going through sounds hard, you don't need to do it alone.  I wish you the best of luck!
Oh wow. My heart snapped in two for you. I can feel the pain from reading the post.   One particular thing stuck out at me, though. You say you’re sick of being told to focus on yourself, and you have a job/hobbies/etc. Don’t listen to that crap advice. People mean well when they say, just focus on yourself. But it’s actually quite toxic advice IMO, because it only makes you look at people who don’t have it all together who are in happy relationships.   Another thing is, you seem really hard on yourself for being a bit plain. I’m 27M and my favourite girlfriends were always the plain ones, or more accurately, the ones who were beautiful but perhaps didn’t match society’s arbitrarily standard for beauty at all.
Women have it easier as a whole, but an individual woman can still slip through the cracks. I imagine being a lonely woman is even worse than being the stereotypical lonely man, because as an outlier you're often dismissed by the community and even in your own head you can't help but wonder what might be wrong with you.  But from a mid-30's here: You are still young. You're behind the curve, so to speak, but you're not some gross statistical anomaly yet. For now, you've got plenty of time to continue developing as a person and refining your identity. You're statistically very likely to find your way out by 25, and even half of those who remain make it out by 30. Until then, there's no real cause for alarm so long as you don't give up.
> -You’re still young. -I’m a statistical outlier. Even people who’ve never had a partner have at least been on dates or have had sex, or hell, been kissed outside that one time they were dared to in middle school.  Lots of people are statistical outliers in some way they don't like.  > -I have a job. I’m in school. I have hobbies.  More going for you than some people.  > Dating apps? -Right now, I’m living at “home” in the middle of nowhere in a town where I didn’t grow up. Also, my social anxiety issues make it very hard to even fathom dating apps. Plus, I’m ugly. I look like an actual, ugly child. What is swiping through pictures gonna do for me?  Men on dating apps are pretty desperate. Not saying you would find prince charming, but you could definitely find *something*. Being in the middle of nowhere could be an issue I guess.  > And I think I’m coming to the realization now that I should mourn the loss and move on.  At 22? Why is *almost everyone in FA in their 20s, mostly early 20s? They all at least get laid by the time they are 30.  edit: almost
Can I ask what you mean by "My body is really nothing special"? I think a lot of guys will overlook the other qualities you mentioned if you are in a good/athletic shape.
>I’m not the first kind of person you think about when you think “beautiful woman.”  I've met people who fit that description, but whom I was really interested in anyway. And I've found that it goes more that way as I get older.  You don't have to be gorgeous if you're the right person for a specific person.  >I’m very socially awkward.  Most guys will overlook this. It's not the same sort of death sentence for women that it is for men.  >I get regularly mistaken for a 12 or 13 year old  I don't want to give anyone the wrong impression here, but that's probably not entirely a bad thing either.  >I have many times and get rejected.  Then figure out the pattern, and try to break it. Think about where you'd look for a person who fits your standards, but isn't the sort of person you've been approaching so far.
[removed]
You’re not special. You’re not an anomaly.
Girl dont talk about virginity it is a made up thing by Men to try to control women. Please do yourself a favor and purchase a "satfisfyer next gen" on Amazon under $20 1000% better than any d\*\*\*\* ;-)
Hang in there.
Also turning 30 this year and I just got dumped from a LDR.
OUCH!  Bloody hell, that's harsh.
[removed]
Only pretty women have an advantage, speaking from experience.
*Rule 5:* Don't be advertising
> They all at least get laid by the time they are 30.  nope... 36 kissless virgin here
This is a vastly under-appreciated comment.  Note that if a male has a pre-pubescent body he will get advised to hit the gym, and indeed having a more masculine body generally fixes the problem of having a non-masculine body.  Yet if a female has a pre-pubescent body or other body shape issue, Oh well I guess we'll just have a pity party.  This is a dis-service to the woman; if all she needs to do to get infinite male attention is hit the gym or put down the fork its unkind not to let her know.  Having a more feminine body will fix the problem of having an inadequately feminine body, assuming thats an actual and real problem (not a self perception issue)  If a male writes something like:  > My hair is shit  he will be advised to get a haircut or a new hair style or a wig or whatever.  And if that's his only real problem that'll fix the FA thing too.  Its a disservice to a woman with bad hair to throw her a pity party instead of telling her to get a new hair style / hair cut.  I'm sure a professional can make it look better using some interesting technique or technology.  Its just hair; if its bad, fix it.  My advice is even if your hair is not your problem, you WILL feel better if you get it all fancied up and styled and trimmed and dyed or highlighted or generally messed with.  There's some things in your life you cannot control, but hair is not one of them.  Get out there this weekend, get the hair of a movie star or rock star or whatever floats your boat, and knock them dead with your new confidence next week.  You can and will be "that girl with the amazing hair" and you'll feel so much better than "My hair is shit".  This is something you can fix; fix it.
Smh, these kind of comments only serve to scare off and make female FAs feel unwelcome. Its not up to you to gatekeep.
It blows my mind that you were ok with typing this dumb sh#t. Smh.
> Girl dont talk about virginity it is a made up thing by Men to try to control women  How do you explain that "virgin" is used as an insult against boys and men?
Just turned 30 yesterday myself. An yep, never had any kind of relationship.
I’m a girl relating to what she’s said. Wow, fuck off.
[deleted]
Ok that's the point it may make sense to complain or worry, but that's also the point a wise person would consider giving up. Most people I have seen on here share their age are young, way too young to be convinced they will never find anyone.
I say the same things to guys here too. And 9/10, the guy really isn’t as ugly as he says he is.
blows my mind u took time to respond as not the OP... :-/
oh good lord sweetie I haven't said the word virgin since back when myspacew a thing. If that makes you feel better run with it.
Lmao what, I'm a woman. Rule 5, don't advertise, it's in our sub rules, it isn't discriminating lol. But if you insist to be banned, by all means!
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kz0vfe/isnt_it_frustrating_to_be_among_so_many_people/
At uni, before covid, I used to see new faces all the time, it always intrigued me what they would have in their minds and how it would be to be their friend. Sadly, it seems that any type of social connection is just impossible for me.  I still can't believe how bad luck one must have for your list of friends to be empty. I always try to overcome my introversion and social anxiety by being as friendly and open as I can, but all I get in return is indifference and mistreatment.  I don't even know what's wrong with me. I have low self esteem as a product of all this, but I don't think that's something people notice because I try to hide it. I'm not a so called "freak" either (or what society usually consider a "freak).  There's a lot of people I would like to be friends with, but they already have their "own people" and it's hard to fit in an already established group of friends. It feels like I'm always in the wrong time, in the wrong place and with the wrong people, I never get the chance to know someone with common interests/views about life, so I must be someone radically different from who I am in order not to be completely isolated from society, but this makes it impossible to have true connection and produces a feeling of misery that aches in me a lot.  How do people makes friends so naturally, what have I missed? Fuuuuuck I think I have a lot to offer, plus I would be genuinely interested in listening someone else's thoughts.  I feel I have wasted all these years. In 12 months or so, when I finish college, the probabilities of getting to know someone will decrease drastically, and considering I couldn't build any type of relationship these years, when the probabilities were so high, it's right to say my future is doomed.  For some reason, I still have hope, but I believe it's just human nature playing tricks in our heads to makes us keep going, because there's no escape. As The Chameleons said: It's just a trick of the light  Ayways... who cares...
>I always try to overcome my introversion and social anxiety by being as friendly and open as I can, but all I get in return is indifference and mistreatment.  yeah, I used do that too, then when I was 11 I got a clue and just stopped trying and decided to stay away from people.   Sadly even that only helps so much.
I relate to this 100%. sadly I have not found any solutions... and I feel like I've tried everything. you're not alone in how you feel.
You need to get real with people, man. Instead of just being the funny guy or asking people "how are you" or "how's your day going", ask them how they feel about life in general, whether they're happy or not and why and give them your honest thoughts on the matter. It's really important to be honest. It shows that you actually care and you don't just tell people what they want to hear.  With this approach, your honesty will either push people away really fast (which is good, because it saves you from wasting time on incompatible people) or draw them closer to you because they see you as a good friend. So speak your mind. Better to have most people hard disagree with you and a few that hard agree than to be neutral to everyone and be nobody's friend.
Just get as rich as you can, people will be attracted.
To attract people is not what I want
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kz2921/being_me_is_the_problem/
There's a scene in Kung-fu Panda when Shifu asks Po why didn't he quit till now, to which Po says that "Everytime you hit me in the head with a brick or said I smelled, it hurt, but it couldn't hurt more than it did every single day of my life being just me".  It hurts being me. I wish I could get a chance at not being me, maybe I will someday. I just hope I don't break before that day comes.
That sounds like a wish instead a goal How do you plan to achieve not being u? What are you going to do differently/
That's the point...
That's the point
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kz4qer/i_dreamed_about_my_crush_telling_me_how_fat_ugly/
Glad i woke up from that dream, even tho it probably wouldn't be any different in real life. Maybe different nicer sounding words but the same sentiment.
Reminds me of a dream I had where my crush got a gf. A few days later I checked his Instagram bio and there was a girls @ surrounded by hearts and I was completely crushed. At least I have physic abilities I guess. Maybe one day I’ll dream about them breaking up and it’ll happen.
did they or it was just a dream?
It was just a dream, i'll edit the post so it is more clear.
luckily it as just a dream thats jsut ur subconscious playing tricks on you
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyxwd6/im_the_problem/
I'm...such an idiot.   I always thought that my situation was just that. Situational. But after leaving highschool I've started to notice how fucked I am socially.   How people only talk to me because they have to. How I fuck it up by trying to not say weird things.  How my friends arent even that close.   I'm just a weird guy being tolerated. And it's painful because I end up thinking people are being genuine when they're 50 layers deep into being fake.  It's so tiring noticing how people change and be fake around you. Sometimes straight up ignoring you.   I'm am outcast. But it's because of me. Not my situation.
Same same same, I'm tired tbh, like I understand people ghosting me and leaving, like I wouldn't even talk to myself if I had the chance lol   I'm such a boring guy, always complaining, always saying sad things and never having fun, why would anyone be happy to talk to me lmao   I'm the problem too, but we need to try to improve ourselves in someway, I got to the conclusion that I need to have a life in my own first If I want to be able to find friends. I can't keep complaining all my life, I'm 20, I should be focusing in my study's and career instead of friends lol, once I get a job, a good hobby and a passion, I will start getting better, I will be an interesting person to talk to, and with time my social skills will improve, this is my dream right now, can't be sure if It will be true but atleast I like to have something in mind xD
If you have to try hard to be friends with people it's better to just go somewhere else, even if that somewhere else is alone for a while or only communicating with people online
What makes you think people are being fake? Maybe you are missing something about how it is normal to act? Ignoring you doesn't sound like being fake, that's more being honest than fake if I understand right. What would you prefer, that they say you are weird or whatever and that they don't want to talk to you?  At least you have some friends, close or not. Some of us don't even have that.
You're not an outcast! There a people like us all around the world. You're exceptional and sometimes people find that difficult to deal with.
um... how do you figure you're weird? What do you say so strange? Please provide an example. I ignore people all the time. ITs call selective hearing. I'm not sure how you are an outcast either if you could provide details...
Yeah sometimes I wonder if I'm just a pathetic sad boy who uses it for attention. It's tearing me apart because I feel I don't deserve to feel this way.
They're nice to you but the moment they're given the smallest chance they will abandon you. These people know each other. Some sort of Nepotism. Whilst I am the outsider
Well if your the only guy like this in your vicinity u might as well be an outcast
I'm anti social as hell. But I have to interact with coworkers. I try. I often joke a lot too. But it's always misinterpreted. I look like a pathological lier cause or sarcastic comments or jokes that don't land.   I always think I'm special or something. I daydream alot too. Honestly my ignorance is bliss tactic is what saved me in highschool. Because I ignored everything bad and just tried to laugh.
Nobody deserve it tbh, I think I'm that pathetic boy you are talking about lol, maybe I'm just used to be this way and that's why I'm like this, like I don't know other way to get attention... Anyways we both don't deserve it, we just need to find our way out of this, if other people can be normal why we wouldn't be able to do the same?
Maybe it is the wrong group of friends or associates to try? I don't think people are going to reject you just for being weird, depending of course on which people you are trying to interact with. If you have a problem with knowing how to react to people or what to say to them that can definitely be tough, but is something you can work on.  Some people are open for new friends, some are less open. I think when you are young more people are open. Some people may even highly desire new friends like you do. Also you have the internet, which is an opportunity to learn about interacting with people.
Most people think their special. If I can give you any advice is that if you think ur sarcasm wont land well, just don't say it. Instead just say positive things. This will make you look like a positive pleasant person and its easy to say nice things. Sarcasm can often come off as passive aggressive and is not always the right choice of conversation. I learned this the hard way over many years. And you are correct in ur title You are the problem anytime we think the problem is OUT THERE that thought is the problem. People only treats us the way we allow them to treat us. Focus less on trying to be funny and just say some nice things. Girls especially like that (say u like their new fit bit, or their new watch, something not  creepy)  They love compliments about themselves much easier conversation than trying to think of something smart to say. A lot less effort too. AS far as outcast I'm not sure how you can say that. Everyone is their own person we're all our own outcasts.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kywyh3/fuck_this_world/
Hi everyone.  Actually, I just want to vent about how easy getting a date is for some people...   I am struggling a lot and all I face is rejection and sadness. Then I see people getting this without much problems, or I see people dont caring to much. They tell me "lol, why are you so bothered by this?".  They dont understand and I know why, its bc they never struggled like this. The bad feeling that I get when someone say this bullshit just makes me want to commit suicide (I never enjoyed life too much anyway).  This sub actually soathes the pain a bit, bc I can see people who have the same problems...  Life is a shit
They have it so easy that they can't even imagine that it could be hard. Just like, imagine a kid from a "normal" family and another from a poor one. The first one will be like "if you are hungry, why don't you just buy some food?" not understanding that it isn't that easy sometimes.
I don't understand how people find it so hard that we are bothered by being alone and staying alone. I'm used to being told, "Relationships are overrated; they're really no big deal." That's easy for someone to say who's been in relationships, but telling someone like us that is like telling a starving child, "cheeseburgers don't taste that good."
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyxu75/anyone_else_here_believe_they_could_find_someone/
unlike a lot of people on these types of subs I dont believe anyone can be “too ugly”, fat, poor, etc. to find someone. every time I see people say these things it makes me wonder if they have ever gone outside and seen couples outside of instagram or whatever lol. its obvious to me that pretty much any kind of person can find someone if they get out there and keep trying. yeah it might be easier for certain people but its definitely not impossible.   &nbsp;  that being said I (29m) have never been with anyone cuz I feel like I wouldnt make a good boyfriend. I feel like I would be mediocre at best if I tried my hardest cuz my mental health is so shitty. Ive been officially diagnosed with general anxiety disorder, depression, adhd, ocd and tourettes. sometimes I think I might be autistic or have some type of personality disorder and cptsd from years of child abuse and bullying but Im not gonna self diagnose. my mental health has had a major impact on my life. life has been hell.  &nbsp;  I think Im an ok guy, people tell me I am...I try to be. and Ive always been a romantic person deep down but I dont believe these pros outweigh my cons.  not even close. why should I try?   &nbsp;  I hope this post isnt too messy. I struggle with a lot of brain scatter and it makes it difficult for me to put my thoughts into words.
>I dont believe these pros outweigh my cons. not even close. why should I try?  I think I dig where you are coming from, I have had girls approach me a few times in the past, so I’m obviously not anywhere as hideous as I tell myself I am but honestly I never tried to meet anyone, I just kept to myself and stayed home.    Now, I had valid reasons for doing so, which I’m not going into detail about, but I don’t believe that I was ever emotionally or mentally mature enough for relationships.    Maybe I am just rationalizing now but, seeing as how I never have tried to find love and I’m not going to either, I can’t say if I would have succeeded or not.
OP's first paragraph is likely true. Sure you'll get guys who say they're so ugly they turn heads but I'd bet many of us just kinda blend in. The thing is when you've been rejected a lot or have struggled with dating you'll naturally start to have a negative view of your own appearance and believe it's the world telling you you're "too ugly". It's really hard to get out of that way of thinking. At least that's why I stopped trying.   But then, just like OP says, you'll see a guy with a girlfriend and think how the hell does he do it when I don't look that much worse. Maybe he's rich, maybe he just got mega lucky or maybe it's because he just has better life experiences. Unless you ask him you won't really know. Whatever it is, you know he isn't spending hours of his day reinforcing his view that it's impossible for average/ugly guys to find love.
High school is viewed as the best chance for guys to get dates, relationships etc... and even there no girl ever showed a hint of interest in me. I don't feel like a human being at this point.
Well i used to think just like you, then one day i decided to try putting myself outthere, lets say. Long story short rejected ghosted mocked and totally bashed around by people who i would say werent even out of my reach pretty insane when you think about it. Its not that all of the people in this sub are ugly, some arent ugly but socially awkward some are socially active and fun to be around but to ugly too look at, some are like me im not ugly nor socially awkward but the package called ME is just not attractive enough for girls. I even changed my looks i got more in shape found ways to socially attract people around me but none of those stuff matters when it comes to dating, you need to have the quality of attracting the opposite gender because if you dont, you cannot achieve it through hard work at least thats my view of it
I probably (edit- I don't think "probably: is the right word here, I should've used "potentially" instead)  could if I acted NOT like myself but I couldn't maintain that for the long term.  Also, from what I read about people with some of my issues dating is even harder than getting a date in the first place.  I basically go to subs like this more to destroy any hope I have.  edit- I don't even see the "best version" of myself ever dating and if so being able to sustain it.
I don't really care what you believe. I am in my late 30's and I legitimately have never had a woman demonstrate any kind of genuine attraction towards me. Not even a basic look.   One time at Christmas I was at the mall looking for some gifts when a young lady at a kiosk I was walking by stopped me and started doing the flirty sales thing. I was old enough at this point to know what was going on, but she was really determined and doing a good job of selling it, so I decided to let her go on. I also wanted to see what a woman flirting with me actually looked like.   Just let that sink in, if you can. I deliberately let a sales lady fake flirt with me to try to sell me some hand cream just to see what it would look like if a woman actually did flirt with me.   Don't tell me I can't be "too ..." to find someone. Whatever I am, it's unattractive enough that I would have to pay to experience basic attraction.
Well I've been trying for years without any luck.  Never even gotten deep enough into convos about all the shit going on in my head so either I'm just an ugly fuck they don't want anything to do with or it's something else about me that gives off red flags 🤷🏻‍♂️
I'll be honest: I made a couple dating profiles years ago and I got messages from three women over the years, but I didn't find any of them physically attractive or interesting (especially not the one who quoted Ace Ventura at me and explained it before I even responded). So I threw away opportunities out of sheer totally misplaced arrogance.   Ironically I think I'm in better shape now then I was back then since I have a steady job I like and years of going to the gym is paying off, but now I feel too old and dread how awkward it would be to have to admit I'm a virgin in my thirties.   Woof! Feels good to admit to myself my real problems are my own fault.
I always thought I was alone simply because I didn't try. I'm not especially unattractive. I actually had an online relationship for 3-4 years as a teen and numerous others crushing on me, so I have reason to believe my personality isn't problematic and that was years before I grew into real social competence. I'm honest and hard-working, there's nothing grossly wrong with me. But younger me focused on education/career and I was never too upset by the lack of romance in my life.  As of about two years ago at this point, in my early 30's, I got bit by the bug and decided I was no longer happy being alone. I was prepared to have a lot of trouble finding the right woman, but I thought I'd at least have fun going out on dates regularly and doing a lot of stuff that isn't possible or at least not fun to do alone. I wasn't prepared to be completely invisible to women. It's soul-crushing, and by now I've tried damn near everything and marked near every box on the self-improvement checklist. Still nothing. I can't get matches online and every woman I've approached offline has rejected me. COVID has obviously made offline dating near-impossible for the past almost year too, but I can't blame COVID for 2019.  I don't know what to do. I don't even think there's anything I *can* do. I'm at a point now where I've largely accepted that relationships are mostly luck and my gross unsuccess isn't my fault, so at least I have that much going for me. It's not a lack of confidence holding me back, and I'm not going to make myself feel even more miserable by continuing to sit around self-loathing. I am not the problem. It's their loss. But at the end of the day, I'm still the one that's left alone and unwanted. It's bittersweet at best.
As a fellow 29 year old who has many illnesses, I feel you. My goal this year is to not try anymore. I keep reminding myself that no one would want a sick jobless person like me.
Yes i dont try, literally never leave the house
Its really just my brain thats the problem. Had a girls say "hey" in a flirty tone the other day, i said hey back and kept walking. Anytime a girl gives me attention i 🐔 out. Cant hold a conversation for more than 10 secs with anyone.
Man you hit that on the head in the  beginning lol big facts. Girls will like you for you if they dont f 'em
I feel you man
I think it's probably college, but that assumes someone gets in one that has social stuff and that there's no pandemic.
Or keep trying & putting yourself out there hoping to find someone 😂. I felt this, I’m in my mid 20s and i can already see the future alone. I can work hard & put myself out there more to increase my chances but I’ve never had that ambition, passion or zest for life I’m basically just waiting to die, no way that is attractive to the average woman
I can understand why you would feel that way but there is someone out there that would get with you. my mom has been sick and jobless for years and she has had multiple partners
lol Ive done this. I always play dumb and act like I cant tell that theyre interested
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyilqe/people_who_think_you_are_entitled_to_sex/
EDIT :: Do not think this means I am not doing everything I can until my dying breath to change my life and make shit happen. I already proved to myself I don’t have to live by societal rules and I challenge every person who liked this comment to be free from this situation. If you need to ask out 1000 women tomorrow to feel better then that is what I think we should do. I am someone who never gives up and just because this situation is right or proves them wrong — we are giving them the satisfaction of living a negative life and this continuing to fuel the negativity of the incel community. This is not my wish and I want to make that clear. I want to make a stand against false arguments but that is as far as it goes. I still wish to live my life as happy as I can possibly make it. And I think you all should too. Otherwise what is the point in living on this planet. - - -   Just automatically *assuming*, that’s what the person wants. Basically almost doing the same thing they are; suggesting that someone else, is assuming they have a right to sex.  You are dumb. Most of us in this position have never even held hands with a girl. Let alone have sex.  Stop assuming every lonesome guy or girl who hasn’t had a relationship before in their twenties believes they are entitled to sex - they don’t.   We just want to know why it seems so damn easy for everyone else. Yet so damn difficult for us...  I want to experience what it’s like to go to a shop with a girl, to meet a girls family, for them to meet mine, to go to London with them, travel the world with them. Not just bang them every-night. But hey sure that’s just the cherry on the cake of something we never get to experience I’ve also had sex many times at this point with escorts which is now how I cope. It doesn’t fulfil me... proper relationships I am unable to obtain is what I crave every waking minute of my torturous life
If anything people here have low self-esteem and don't feel deserving of anything.
Right, just look around on this sub. A majority of the posts aren’t even about sex, but instead a relationship. The word “incel” is becoming a blanket term for lonely people and like you said, a lot of people just want the other experiences a relationship has to offer and not just sex.
Exactly. It's just not true to label us this way. All I want is to cuddle with that special someone
I fucking hate how everything a man says gets downplayed as thinking you are entitled to a woman's body or being an sexist incel
They keep putting words in people’s mouths. I have never felt entitled to a woman’s body just because I want sex. I’ve never even seen a fellow FA who felt entitled to sex. ER is the only person I’ve ever seen who literally felt entitled to sex because he practically said it in his manifesto.
>We just want to know why it seems so damn easy for everyone else. Yet so damn difficult for us...  I wish everyone could see this truth. It doesn't make sense.
Yeah, I can agree with this. Whenever anyone, specifically men, come out about being foreveralone, most people who don't understand your situation will just dismiss you as some weird incel freak, or some "nice guy". Either that, or they'll give you the most basic normie advice you've heard hundreds of times.
The most entitled and selfish people I know are in relationships.
Kinda shows how easy the rest of it is for them that they think sex is the part that stumps us.
They think that because it's the only way they can fit forever alone people into their world view. To them getting a partner is easy, and if you can't then you probably just want sex, have a bad personality, don't have proper hygiene etc... It also explains why some of them act hostile when you tell them those things are untrue, because it challenges their beliefs and perception of the world.
Normies: "How DARE you talk back to US!"
"Stop being entitled" is one of the worst things people can say. We just want the same affection we see others getting.  If "entitlement" is such a toxic attitude and treating relationships as "transactional" is such a bad idea, then what's the point of all the advice all the self-help relationship gurus are selling? If getting a better job, becoming more attractive, adjusting my behavior, etc is what I'm supposed to do since those are what women value in men, then I can't be mocked for treating relationships as "transactional". You can't tell me to increase my value to the opposite sex, and then mock me for a "transactional" attitude when I expect a return on investment.  If all that relationship advice actually meant something, then we should reach a point where it can be said "Yes, you really are doing everything right and you *should* have a loving partner right now. You don't but yet there's nothing wrong with you, so that must mean you're being screwed over and have every right to complain." But yet it never reaches that point. The self-help gurus never say "Oh, well I guess society really does treat you unfairly." or "Wow, I guess other people's expectations really are the problem.". Instead, their solution is always just more self-improvement.  Of course, it's important to clarify that no amount of work entitles us to a *specific* person's affection (i.e. even billionaires and supermodels get rejected, so nobody can truly have *anyone* they want). Human beings aren't NPCs in video games who will fall in love once we reach a certain mathematical value, so it *is* toxic and possessive to say stuff like "You *have* to fall in love with me because I did this for you!" to a specific person. Yet at the same time, thinking that we "deserve" affection in a general sense isn't necessarily wrong. If people are going to say we're lonely because we need to work on ourselves, there should definitely be a point where we can say that we've worked hard enough to deserve *someone's* affection, whoever that might be. We should be able to say "Okay, I earn a decent living, have moved out of my parent's house. I'm a solid 6 in attractiveness and I have a good personality. I should be good enough for at least one person in the world."  In addition, there's also the broader context of other people in relationships that these "Stop being entitled" people don't consider. It's not just that we put in work and (rightfully) expect our lives to improve because of it. It's that we see people who don't put in those efforts getting people just fine. We're told to lose weight, and then see obese people marry. We're told to stop being creepy, only for the most abusive assholes to still somehow attract women. We're told to have an ambition and get a job, only for the laziest and unambitious losers to still score dates. The fact that other people get far more for doing far less makes the "You're entitled" phrase even more of a slap in the face.  Imagine having to keep putting money into a vending machine that doesn't work, meanwhile everyone else gets food for basically free, and then when you complain the vending machine isn't working because you keep putting money in and nothing comes back out, you're told to shut up and keep putting more money into the machine, because you're clearly just making excuses and should work on yourself more.  You can't tell people that they're not going to get a partner if they don't do or become something, and then when they do everything you told them to, then mock them for expecting their romantic prospects to improve. It's like:  "The reason why you're single is...<list of bad qualities about you>  "Okay, I've invested time, money, etc to fix all those things. I'm still lonely. What more do I have to do to get someone?"  "Pff! Women aren't objects or trophies. Stop being entitled. This is just another reason why you're alone."
In the same vein, I hate how "nice guy" has become a thing.  As you said, no one is entitled to sex, but it IS a basic human drive, and I think guys that actually ARE nice to everyone but are simply unattractive and can't get a partner have good reason to be a little frustrated and want to vent from time to time.  (Apparently, that is allowed for all problems except this one.)  Growing up, we're constantly told that looks and superficial concerns don't matter and it's what's inside that counts, but that's really only partly true, which is a tough pill to swallow when we've all been taught something different and when you're missing out on so much.  You really can't win.  If you ever vent about the shitty hand you've been dealt, you hear this "nice guy" shit.  If, instead, you respond to the situation by acknowledging what everyone thinks and you say that you're a worthless loser and a failure in the most basic and fundamental of ways, everyone will reassure you and refute your negativity, even though secretly it's the only answer to your situation that they will actually entertain.  Basically, polite society demands that you just suffer in stoic silence.
They call you that as a cheap way to invalidate what your really want to say, mean think or feel.
It's always the haves that think they're entitled to it, too. They just project it onto everyone else and have an easy scapegoat these days.
[deleted]
Because they like to think that they are helping from their ivory towers.
I just want to be loved. Fuck  Or be shot in the head I'll take either one. Whichever comes sooner
The fact normies tend to have this attitude toward us is not only indicative of transference--their tendency to assign their own attitudes and emotions to us--but by extension, their own feelings of subconscious contempt and self-superiority. They believe they are entitled to sex, even if they aren't fully aware of it, so they assume we do too--but if they feel that's way it's perfectly fine, while for us it's unacceptable.
For a lot of people it’s not easy to randomly get sex, only for really good looking superficial people. I’d say that for most of the people who’ve never had a gf before it’s really because they don’t have a lot of friends and/or don’t talk to girls often. They also often don’t know how to have a solid conversation. For the really rare ones that are good at this and haven’t had a gf, they’re usually just extremely unlucky.   Furthermore from my personal experience I can say the things you’ve mentioned you want to do with a SO are fun, but they’re just as fun with really good friends to do
you're 100% right mate
I agree with you on the fact that we are not entitled to sex.  I do want to get to know a girl on a deeper level and meet her family etc.  As someone who is now in their 30s with no sexual experience I feel a lot of virgin stigma.  Occasionally I will be called out in a conversation where people start talking about relationships and sex asking about my past relationships.  I can either make something up or tell the truth that I have never had a gf and never had sex and yes I am almost 31 years old.  Then I get questions like how is that possible?  why?  are you gay? and I'm done with it I think yes for this one time I am entitled to sex at least once to get that out of the way so I can meet someone get to know them on a deeper level without my thoughts instantly going completely sexual like OMG I wanna bang this girl so badly. This makes me really REALLY awkward around girls.  I just want to get this horny teenager like phase over with so I can live a normal life.     I wish for once the people who ridicule me would help me find a solution to my problem.
"Entitled to sex" is basically a meme designed to gaslight and deflect the conversation.  The problems unattractive people face are too politically problematic and raises too many inconvenient questions.
Hey all. Lurker here. I really want to help because I've been in a position before where it seemed like I was unwanted and undesirable because I could never find a mate. As simple and challenging as it sounds the only way I broke the cycle was to literally give up on my expectations and desires. As crazy as it sounds when I stopped caring whether it happened or not it became easy, like the universe started putting people in my life to express affection with. I'm not sure if this helps but I really do want to help lonely folks out there if I can because I know how much it sucks to feel lonely. Pm me if any of you want to talk, I feel that I may have valuable input. It's only human to get stuck in our patterns and God knows I've got more than a few issues myself. Much love to you all 💖 everyone in this sub are worthy and unique humans.
Most of us assume sex is the ultimate prize for beating this difficult curse out upon us. I have no doubt once we have a taste we will very easily be like everyone else and say it's not that great and it's over exaggerated
I think it's similar to Freudian slip.  People who say this tend to care about sex too much. And if they have god complex or something they assume they would feel frustrated for not getting sex if they were in our shoes. Because of this, they believe that they would act bad if they didn't get sex, and then project these beliefs to us.  But apart from that. Let's say I value sex a lot, I don't but let's assume. Maybe I'm a horny person. Why should I be shamed for my sexual feelings? I'm a human after all. I didn't choose to be this way, and I don't see any reason for why I should feel shameful for my sexuality. All people get horny, that's just the way it is. It's not really related to entitlement.
I don't want a relationship, what I desire is to have sex with attractive women. Peronally, I want to be up front about wanting sex and nothing more even if I am open to having a relationship with someone I get along with who is understanding and friendly who I can work with to create something meaningful.
I'm sure this will come out sounding dumb... but have you tried the "fake it until you make it" approach?
All of that occurred due to past traumatic events.
Not saying all of them think they are entitled to sex, but that’s what a lot of people THINK they think.
the last time I had a "one night stand" i felt even emptier and more alone than before. immediate low point of my week was just after leaving. i never want to do that again
[removed]
Exactly
LOL not sure what's worse. The accusations or the useless advice 😆
Exactly what I’m saying.
Very well said 👏🏽
It does suck for people wanting to vent to be called nice guys. I definitely don’t think that’s the appropriate term and makes it harder for guys to expres their emotions
[deleted]
Poor mental health, representing.
But you're supposed to look past all my flaws and acknowledge the fact that I don't kick puppies.
Always be honest. As cliche as it sounds, a genuine and sweet person will respond positively to vulnerability. There is nothing to be ashamed of. It's our society has taught us to feel unworthy as men if we can't bed women but it's totally a fabrication and it becomes a self fulfilling prophecy when we listen to those voices that sound like our thoughts (they aren't) and it destroys our confidence.
I don't think I could have fewer expectations or desires at this point.
Good that it worked for you but I have doubts whether a generalization is admissible. You can count me as counterexample. And things don't exactly get easier the older you get.
So the takeaway here is just to give up and "the universe" will find you a partner? I get that you're trying to help and I appreciate the effort, but that sounds like really bad advice.
Honestly wish there was more like this on this sub and that people were more welcoming to this advice
This is a real thing you can look into too. It sucks but apparently people pick up on these kinda things
I know what you mean but you just crash and burn from that mindset and gravity takes you back down to reality
Well it is only short for involuntary celibate. And if you keep it strictly to those words, there are MANY people who fit that description who aren't misogynists at all!  So the negative connotation really has ruined it for those who are simply unlucky in the relationship/sex area.
Accusations are worse
It’s took more of a toll on me than being alone ever has
Sure, what you just described is definitely being a dick.  However, the "nice guy" label gets applied in far, far milder cases than that.
Believe it or not there are guys who simply enjoy being kind to others. And it’s completely normal to feel slighted when you watch girls go after complete dicks
When I do manage to hang out with a girl alone and she asks about my sex life and I tell her the truth, what seems like a sure thing turns into "I don't think this is a good idea.  I don't want to give you a bad first time."    I've been getting this response since I was 17 and one of my good friends back then told me it would be best if I just lie to break past that barrier.
What I’m feeling too.
Sorry just trying to help. I honestly deplore the idea of hopelessness because it's non-existent from my perspective. I know shit gets frustrating at times but it's really just like everything in life that's important, impossible to google and attach literal logic to. It's a finesse like driving with a clutch. I am trying real hard to not sound completely heady and woo woo here, I really want to help y'all realize that your only currently alone and not forever alone). I don't mean stop trying all together, what I'm trying to describe is the feeling I had when I turned away from the obvious feeling that I'm not wanted by anyone right now, and focused my attention on trying to appreciate doing the things that I want to do without being responsible for someone else's feelings. I decided to flip the script and liberate myself rather than imprisoning myself. That being said it's human nature to want to make, we are animals after all so of course I still tried to put in effort to getting to know people with the possibility of finding romance. The difference was I let go of the expectation of being anything more than friends when I did feel some kind of connection with females. Like completely. I genuinely had no intention of trying to sleep with anyone and people picked up on that and I learned that the only way I was going to have any kind of game was by intentionally having no game/ulterior motives. In the past I somehow equated my self worth with how much sex I could have and needless to say that wasn't very much. When I'm actively questing for it non stop it couldn't be further away. I'm not sure what flipped in my head but that's it and honestly now I have a wife and baby and I sometimes miss when I didn't have other people who required most of my attention most of the time. I miss it a lot really. I'm just trying to go with the flow and do the next right thing. I know another aspect of it is being in social situations and making new friends which has almost entirely dried up as I've gotten older with the exception of people I know through work. The pandemic makes it even harder. Sorry this is mad long, but my heart goes out to all of you and I want you to know that I'm rooting for you. I believe in you and everything good and bad are temporary. This shit will pass and really that's almost all the advice that I have. If anyone wants to chat hmu.
It's how I got over my really bad social anxiety. I had to become fake first. I memorized relevant talking points and different aspects of people I aspired to be, practiced in my head almost constantly how I would carry on particular conversation threads, cheesy jokes for small talk, random tidbits about general life for use in pleasantries with strangers, how to walk, where to look while conversing, how to smile, when to smile, when to laugh, etc.  It really worked for me. Once I got comfortable, I slowly inserted the real me in there. One annoying part is I've been unable to shut off the process in my brain, and I pretty much constantly play out every possible conversation about every topic all day long. Well, now, I generally only do that when I'm off my ADHD meds
Not entitled, yet you were slighted?
I'm sorry you have gotten that reaction that must be very frustrating. I truly believe in life that nothing is personal and that people's reactions are always about them and their beliefs or societal conceptualizations and not about ours.
I’ve said it before somewhere else on Reddit but I always stand by seeing through fake happiness and fake confidence. Not because they aren’t decent tools or make you a bad person; but because I’d personally rather feel alive and real and feel miserable forever; than feel happy and joyful for a few hours and it be fake. I’m sorry this is just me. If I get a boost to improve my misery and my life in some way like you say I will utilise it. But that’s as far as it goes. It is my opinion in doing that you could lose sight of your real self. Sometimes I feel like I’m watching that unfold in others.
I like how you intentionally took that part out of context. Read the whole comment again before attempting to gaslight me.
Use it as a means to an end. The fact that your opinion on it is as above is a pretty clear sign that you wouldn't become an inauthentic person.   I'd weigh your options. FA was never an option for me. Companionship is a necessity to my life. There would be no boundary I wouldn't cross even beyond reason to a degree. I'd learn a new language and move to a country where I'd have better chances, like Russia for instance. I'd min/max whatever area I had control over to reduce the impact of areas I could not control as much as possible, gym everyday, teeth whitening, hobbies that women are into, hobbies that women find attractive, etc. I would quit my job and get a job somewhere specifically where I could increase my chances meeting someone through work, and so on.  And after all that, if by some unforeseen possibility that I could fail after all that, I'd try my luck with the same sex.
I read it. It's pure entitlement. You think you deserve something. That's basically what feeling slighted means. Someone supposedly treated you badly. They didn't give you the treatment you deserved.
I think there's a difference between objectively acknowledging that everyone "deserves" to have their basic needs met and individuals feeling "entitled" to having those needs being fulfilled by specific other entities.  There's a baseline level of respect and dignity everyone is owed by others, unless they give it up by acting like a total jerk. Similarly, everyone deserves love. Humans are a social species, humans are sexually reproducing; it's in our DNA to desire companionship and intimacy and sex. It's perfectly understandable why someone would feel upset at not receiving those things. It's only entitlement when you begin to resent individual people for not providing those things for you and stop treating them with the baseline level of respect and dignity they deserve too.  Unfortunately, you can't force attraction and some people are inevitably going to fall through the cracks. But society is very much lacking in showing sympathy for these unlucky folks. Too many people subscribe to the just-world fallacy and assume that failure in life is necessarily a reflection of that person's character, rather than acknowledging all the factors that are outside of one's own control and some people are just unlucky.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyscz6/i_finally_realized_something/
I realized the way I interact with people is fundamentally different to how most people interact with others. Whenever someone on online complain about being their lack of success dating or asks for advice on meeting people some of the answers are “Get a hobby” “Make new friends”, etc. But I had a realization that I was not sure why that would lead to someone possibly getting into a relationship.   Let’s say I wanted to try rock climbing. If I go to a gym and take a class, there is a chance, I’ll make new causal acquaintance, I might even make some friends, but I don’t see that leading anywhere. People don’t really call or text me unless they need something. I have a few friends from highschool that I talk to and we text and meet up with each other to see how each other is doing but that’s about it. I also don’t really get invited to anything so it’s not like I’m rejecting anyone’s offer to hang out or anything. I don’t see any of this changing because I meet some new people since this is how people have interacted with me most of my life.   Now this doesn’t really bother me too much since this is how I’ve interacted with people for most of my life and social engagement tires me out anyway, so this suits my personality. I just realized that this isn’t how most people experience life and that this way of living is unconducive to finding a partner.
That sounds pretty familiar. For me it's a function of a low non-verbal IQ. Hence I don't pick up on subtle social cues. I'm also very monotone and relatively quiet. I think I can be funny but only with particular types of people.
I’ve noticed gyms are a good place to make friends or just have a few acquaintances you can have conversations here and there. It’s the one place where people go by themselves and even though there are a good number of people there to just work out, there are a lot of people in the same boat as us. They’re trying to mingle and make some new friends.
How do other people socialize then? Because it doesn't make any sense to me.
" People don’t really call or text me unless they need something "  I know how that feels, thats like 75%, of all texts I get.
wait it took me re-reading that a few times. so what i gather u're saying is u dont know how to "filt" and u have no interest in flirting in public with a female to get her to want to go out with you, you are just there for the activity.... ?  okay.. I don't think youre the ONLY guy who would not flit in that situation
[deleted]
People.. Go.. By themselves.. Do you know how many couples I see in my gym!?
Keep in mind this mostly theoretical, based on media and watching my more social friend. Take the situation of the gym where as I would talk to some of the people there and make some friends. But for me the friendship would begin and end at the gym.  For other people, your average person would do what I did but some how exchange numbers for some reason. Maybe they have a mutual interest and want to talk to each other more, or maybe they make plans and they have too keep in contact to make sure those plans are followed through. However it happens the relationship goes beyond the gym and they may keep in semi regular contact. Maybe they go to the movies with this new friend and that friend brings another person. For a normal person that social circle has potentially increased. Heck, it doesn't even have to go beyond the gym they may talk about their relationship struggles and the other person may have a single friend or relative they may introduce you too.
No, in fact I didn't know what flit was. What I meant is that when I go to the gym or something I might talk to people there, and I might even make a new friend. But that friendship will sort of be a gym friendship it'll stop and end at the gym. I won't go past that in anyway. I'll, probably, never see any of those people outside of the gym and if for some reason we exchanged numbers we wouldn't really contact each other unless one of us need each other.  Sorry if this is confusing I've always been very bad at explaining things.  As for flirting with a woman in public. I wouldn't say I have an interest in that, but that's more because I don't really flirt with anyone outside of really specific circumstances and even then I'm not really sure what flirting is.
It's very relevant. Look up Non-verbal Learning Disorder.
Obviously couple go to the gym but the vast majority of people at the gym are there by themselves
I feel like I missed the class in school that's supposed to make this make sense.
Interesting. Do you have trouble with other aspects of cognition than just picking up on social cues?
To be fair too you, I've always been very bad at explaining things. So the problem could very well be on my end.
Yes, reading comprehension, executive functioning, visual spatial awareness, and fine motor skills.
You explain it fine, I just have no grasp on the subject.
Yeah that's interesting and scary, sorry you suffer from that. That definitely makes things hard. I don't pick up very well on social cues in some ways but not to the point that I can't function.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyzw5g/face_marked_port_wine_stained_forever/
I am a M41, I have a birthmark on my face, it reveals the truth about everyone I meet, based on their reaction.  I can tell if a person is inherently good or bad a second after seeing them.  And most people r shit.   I've been in relationships but they failed. I feel so ugly. Feel like no one wanted kids for fear it's genetic and it's not. It's totally random.   Feel like if I get close and go into public with someone, I'm responsible for the stares, the comments, the fingers pointing.  When I care about someone, I don't want them to have to go through that because of me.   Online dating is not an option unless I wear makeup or get clever with lighting. Which is a deception that I will not do as the truth is evident and eventual. I used to obsess about working out and my body. "Look what I did with what I can control". Still didn't overcome the elephant in the room.  Have been the friend or the backup plan a lot. Relationships always seen they're on the brink of something better. Worked hard to be good at sex and making decent money, but still have these layers of pain and hurt for the way people have been to me that always surface in insecurities no matter how confident I can feel.   Can't believe it. First time I shared this and it's to an open forum of complete strangers.  I guess that I see the pain in here and wish I could tell everyone that I understand and feel the deep emptiness in life. I understand the fear of rejection and being alone. I understand the desire to be what seems to come so easy to others.  I understand the rejection of this life. This is not my favorite life, but this is the one I have to live with the judgement of everyone, including my family and friends.   Anyone feeling this way can message me. I have truckloads of experience, bit am better at listening. If someone had been there when I was younger to understand, maybe I wouldn't be so alone now. So empty. So lost.
Sending so much love 💖💖💖💖
Have you thought about getting a medical tattoo? Essentially what they do is they inject a dye close in hue to your natural skin tone into the birthmark so it's less noticeable, and your complexion more even. If the birthmark makes your face look swollen, you might also be able to get surgery to have it reduced.
Sir any woman who is a halfway decent person will see the beauty in you they want to see. Anyone who doesn't isn't worth your time. I'm so sorry your'e still feeling this way at 41.
Thank you, I hope it pays you back in kind!
My birthmark is flush. I tan easily and live in Arizona so can't even say what my skin color is from one hour to the next. I did look at removal, laser like tattoos, but they estimated 2 years of surgeries every 2 months. At the beginning of that, I think that's a long time, as the years go, I say it would have been do e by now.    Just wish the world wasn't so vain that I have to endure years of painful surgeries to find my way.
I appreciate it. I have had good relationships with good women in the past, bit seem to be on this slide as online apps and my circle of friends narrows as they are moving forward with family lives.  Also live bras ASU. Don't feel that at 41 I can be in the social scene like I used to.
online apps are the pits... :-/
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyvhgs/i_guess_im_out_a_follow_up_to_for_the_first_time/
TL;DR (kinda) at the last paragraph.  This is in part a follow up to this post - https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmbts7/for_the_first_time_i_held_hands_hugged_and_kissed/  After this happened, we started planning on meeting again, with a clear intention to take it further. Even though I was the one moving the plan forward, she was the one with a clear intention to meet and have sex. But she was flaky as hell. It was painful to get her to agree to a plan. And I'm the asocial mess of a human, with horrible social anxiety to the point where I need to be on a heavy dose of benzos or hella drunk to function around girls. But anyway, she agreed.  We were supposed to meet really early in the morning, because that's the only time she was free. I woke up, started prepping and got a text saying "I don't want to".   I felt crushed. I instantly knew that she freaked out and flaked. I asked her what, why and tried to change her mind, but with no success. Then a bit later she sends me a pic showing a supermarket in the same town where I live. She's weird like that. I guess she was trying to indicate that she changed her mind last minute from meeting to not meeting.  You don't even know the half of how complicated this whole thing with her was.  I went through with my morning routine that I planned anyway. I was in a weird funk. I even went to the spot where I was suppose to pick her up and waited. It was clear she won't show up.  When I got home, I stayed in bed the whole day. I knew how flimsy this whole thing was and to not get my hopes up about anything, but it doesn't matter, I still did and it messed me up. I wasn't in a good place mentally before all of this, by any means. But during it, the weeks leading up to it, I'd say I got worse, much worse. I had all kinds of bad episodes.  A few days later, I got over it. Started planning to meet with her again, because I'm lonely and pathetic like that. She was as flimsy as the last time. BUT she agreed and promised to not flake again. Same time, same place.  No disconcerting messages this time around. I went to meet her and she showed up.  We went to my place. It was awkward for me, I was so stressed. We had sex. It was my first time. I lost my virginity. She asked me to finish, but I couldn't.  It was a weird and not particularly pleasant experience for me, naturally. But she seemed to really enjoy it and that was the best part about it. I tried to cuddle afterwards, but soon she wanted to go. It was a bit abrupt. But I didn't think much of it then.  When I drove her to her car, I asked if she enjoyed it, she said yes. I asked if she wanted to meet again, she said yes. We kissed and said our goodbyes.  I was in a good mood, but nothing too out of the ordinary. The next day I tried having a casual conversation with her, but she seemed distant. I instantly had a bad feeling and mostly already knew what was about to come. I asked if everything was okay and she said something along the lines of "You weren't the right fit", "something was off", "it was too painful", "I didn't enjoy your skinny body and bones touching", "I though I could find something better than my ex".  The worst part was the fact that right after our meeting she said that she enjoyed it and wanted to meet again, but the next day pretty much told me she lied. I wasn't too distraught about it. But it did suck, I had a few bad mental episodes, but at this point those are almost a daily norm for all kinds of reasons.   She made it clear it was over. So it is. I learned a lot from it, though.  I thought I was out. But I am. Logically I can't call myself FA anymore, but I feel like one, still. But I know for a fact that I'm not, because of this... keep reading.  Right around the same time we were meeting up, I got another tinder match with a girl that is almost a decade younger than me. At this point it might sound like a brag post, but this is probably my last thread, my story of getting out, so whatever.  I was barely getting any matches at all. And none of them ever led anywhere. But for some reason, these things started happening right around the end of what a lot of people consider being the worst year.   So this girl is very open about everything. You could think she's a normie, but she's very understanding and has her own demons and mental struggles, some similar to mine, but also much more complicated stuff. She's what you could call an old soul.  We talked openly about a lot of things. We even met up couple of times. We cuddled the second time at my place. That shit is life changing. It's literally an instant mood fix.  Nothing long lasting will most likely come out of this, because she's only back here for a few weeks, until her break is over. She'll be leaving soon hundreds of miles away.   The details don't matter much anymore.  What I realized is that I'm a case of a very late bloomer, mixed with mental illness and stuck in place where there's not much people to meet online. My looks are a bit above average, so I can barely scrape by. I'm an introvert with extreme social anxiety and absolutely no social circles, so finding someone will always be a struggle for me. I have a lot to learn, but a lot of irreversible damage is already done, IMO. I also realized I will probably never be normal by any social standards. And I'm not attracted to normie girls either. But I'm still capable of experiencing something in this brutal, absurd world. Even though I feel like one, I'm not forever alone. I'm out.
Ayeeeeeeeee that’s what I’m talking bout.... bro is lit... good luck bro the world is yours to take
This is progress. You have experience now. Your chances are better, and you'll know what to do.   It sounds like you understand relationships better than you say you do. Overall, I'd call this a win.
Sucks it didn't work out, but I'm sure you learned a lot and hopefully gained a ton of confidence. Rack up them XP points, brother
damn this has a lot of similarities to my life:   https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyyyh3/i_briefly_escaped_and_it_was_the_absolute_worst/    although im throwing in the towel
I don't think you have to be a virgin to be FA. Case in point, you managed to have a one-off experience with this chick and yet it didn't go anywhere. People make drunken mistakes and bad decisions influenced by extreme stress all the time. Now you've gotten another Tinder match and hit it off with someone else that you know has no future. If you want to pre-emptively cast off the label that's up to you, but you're still going to be alone at the end of this. You're certainly well on your way out, though.  You now have sexual experience. You now have evidence, some shred of validation, that you can attract someone. It's increasingly becoming less a matter of "can I find *anyone*" and more "can I find the *right one*?" It's no longer a possibility that may never come, it's an inevitability that eventually *will* come with patience. Just like all the normies out there. Even though it's not all you want, it's still a massive confidence boost to finally see some progress. Nobody can take that away from you. Congratulations.
The experience is really valuable for sure. At the same time I know how badly behind I am.   I don't think I understand relationships at all, tbh. All I'm really doing is being as open as I possibly can, talking about how lonely and messed up I am all the time and hoping for the best. I think this works only with some girls though.  Before this, I haven't even had a proper converstaion with a girl, if it's not relating work or some mundane bs. I didn't even have a friend that was girl, ever.
Thank you. That's pretty much the best thing out of all of this.
I can relate. No matter how much I tried to not get my hopes up and just keep it casual, my mind wasn't having it after drought that long. I was having bad existential episodes almost daily, even started drinking, which I never did in my life before. It's been a horrible roller coaster ride ever since and for me the experience was significantly shorter then yours.  There's no easy escape for people as behind as we are, all we can do is appreciate the experience and try again.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kytw16/another_lonely_saturday_night/
With nothing but food, weed, and video games to fill the void (I would be watching football now but as a Steelers fan I would rather just pretend that sports don’t exist for the next few months). When I was younger this would all sound like a dream come true, but now it just feels so empty and unsatisfying.   I don’t know anymore, I stopped trying to figure it all out. If anyone wants to join me on the gaming part you’re more than welcome just dm me. I got xbox one, mostly playing halo mcc and gta v these days but I got a few other games.   Here’s to crippling loneliness 🥂
sounds like a good time! make the best of it
Blueberry cigarillos
Here here!
I feel you, Steelers Bro
I am playing on PC, in the online game, and when I feel the same as you, I just text my virtual friends. I think they feel me better than my real
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyzm36/i_still_remember_the_first_and_only_girl_i_ever/
When I was in the first grade, it was the end of the day and I was walking to the car rider's line. There was a girl in my class who was walking right beside me. Her name was Allison, Allie for short. She had an identical twin sister in the same class named Abigail, Abby for short. She was walking right next to me the whole way to the car rider's line, and at some point, she grabbed my hand. I still remember the feeling of the butterflies in my stomach. We held hands for about a total of 20 seconds. I still think back to that moment at 28 years old, and I still feel those same butterflies today.
Debra and Krystal for me
Are you a virgo? that sounds like some virgo stuff
Sure am
LOL oh man thanks for making my saturday
Haha, happy to help.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kz14v1/the_last_single_friend_in_the_group/
I’m (32F) having a particularly hard weekend. I’m the last single friend in my group. I deactivated my Facebook at the start of the year because it was all becoming too overwhelming with the new round of engagements and pregnancy announcements. Don’t get me wrong, I love my chosen family and their adorable babies, but two things can be true. I can love my friends and be happy for them and be sad and lonely that things haven’t worked out for me.   I’ve been taking a break from dating, mainly forced because of Covid, but also trying to get myself together and release some baggage before seriously dating again. I do miss the attention though. I found myself nostalgic over random fun memories from past relationships. Not missing a specific person but just those moments of laughing over stupid stuff or hanging out at home playing games. I mess around with Tinder just to feel wanted but conversations either never start or quickly falter and then it’s back to square one. Not sure where this was going :/
tinder is for hookups, doubt u'll find a forever partner on there, if u wanna feel sexy about urself i suggest keep the tinder. glad u are working on you first.
I know how you feel. I've slowly unfollowed these people or cut them off.   I know they are just trying to share but I've had it.   I lost my friend group anyway from COVID.
Oh I’m definitely not looking for a forever partner on Tinder haha. It’s more of a dopamine hit thing right now, but I’m open to finding someone who can at least carry a conversation
I’m sorry to hear that but I hope you “lost” them because of how they handled the social distancing and no one died.   Sometimes it is necessary to cut people off though. I had friends who got married and had children and they completely forgot how to be a friend to everyone not married/childless. Do what you have to do to protect your peace.
good luck! i tried online dating one time probably 8 years ago (wasn't tinder though) never again... and if heard "ure so normal" :-| red flag!
I thought we were friends but the pandemic makes it hard to do things. They just don't want to deal with single people or something.   I only have two older single friends.   >Do what you have to do to protect your peace.  Thanks and I agree.   At least as a woman you can go on dating apps. Men have a much harder time.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyo7iw/just_visited_a_prostitute/
So im 26 y.o. guy, from russia, had sex just once 2 years ago with a girl that said im not her type.  i was really depressed because i just can never get laid, even though i consider myself a solid 7/10, athletic, pretty handsome guy if i so say myself xD  So taday is day 25 of my hard mode, decided f\*\*it imma go see myself a prostitute  As im writing this it was just 40 min ago i had sex  Called in, came in, an old kind lady greeted me was, went in the room, waited for a minute, a woman walked in, surprised because the woman was actually pretty, thank god, i greeted her politely and was genuenly surprised, because i thought that prostitutes maybe not attractive.  so she politely pointed me to the shower gave me a towel, took a shower she invited me to a room, she walks in in a towel , tells me to undress, im really nervous but i just keep being polite and positive  She turned off the light in the room, so only the tv worked with some music playing on it, the room looked like that room from Half life alex where the old guy gives you the gun for the first time, lol, it looked really old fashioned xD  so i remove all my clothes already half hard, she takes some condoms but i say, no lets take mine, because i bought them on the way xD im just polite like that xD  she tells me to lay down, i lay down on a bed, dark, room, only tv working, she removed her clothes as i got on a bed, she is blond and has medium tits, i really liked them  so i lay down, im already hard, she puts a condom on my dick, starts sucking it, feels pretty good, honestly , real honestly, i tried a fleshlight once, feels exactly like it, guys, no bs, exactly like it !  anyway she sucks me for 30 seconds then gets on it and starts humping me, feels real good, i grab her tits, she has nice hard nipples too, i hold my hands on her tits as she is riding it.  30-48 seconds later i feel it coming, and yep boom im coming in her clenching my body as i ejaculate in , feels pretty good  she gets off, take off my condom, i lie she sits near me , we talk about weather, my countryside, her countryside, and she says "why such a handome guy doesnt have a gf ?" i say "maybe im not lucky yet"  She says that i should find one to get more practice =)  So my boner is gone and i just lay there and ask, well maybe i should go because im not hard anymore ? xD And she says lets wait 10 minutes and will go again, i said ok, we talked about weather and countryside like i said before and that i should find a gf and not get used to seeing escorts =)  so 7 min later she starts massaging my dick, im still not hard but 20 sec later i got hard, she puts another condom on, she says lets start learning, so i take her in doggystyle, i still didnt feel like cumming  then she says lets switch possition, and she gets on top of me, this time it took me 3 minutes to cum and it took longer and was a harder to ejaculate after my first ejaculation, as i came i said thats it i cant no more and was smiling, she was smiling too because she knew that xD so i got up got dressed thanked both women, and wolked out, face red, happy af.  Now i realise one thing after i busted a nut in a woman 40 min ago : sex is really not a big deal, and feels a lot like a flesh light, for real guys. the most important thing in this life is not to be an asshole and treat everyone good, after all we are one all big family, but maybe often times forget about it.  Now i will continue to retain my semen so i will be strong and happy  still dont feel like getting a gf because now i realise that sex is not big of a deal, almost same as fleshlight, almost, and i feel like now i will just retain my semen, work out, lead a healthy lifestyle, live in my own pleasure, be healthy, and if i ever feel exstremely needy for sex i will just visit her again,  but really the most important thing, i now realise is just building good relationships with people, thats it, just being good with people.  And to guys that never had sex and on semen retention and feel like life is unfair to you and nobody wants you, go see a prostitute, like i said - not a big deal, call, walk in, smile, bang, smile, walk out. I say this because i felt this daunting feeling for eternity times freacking 100 multiplied  Damn it was a good excperience, i really liked it, at the same time not that big of a deal, now i will retain with peace , knowing what its like to bang a woman, not a big deal =)
My boy gets laid and literally forty minutes after says that we are all a big family in the world.  Proving my point that one blowjob can save lives.
Prostitutes are illegal where I’m from
In my country prostitution is illegal. Where would I even find them? Social media? Google searches? How would I know escort sites are scams or fronts?   I ask this because I had an escort site archived in ~2014 because I had the same idea - "just see a prostitute". I only browsed escorts, and bookmarked some I were interested in seeing, but I never had the balls to go through with it. It was lucky I didn't - it turned out the site I had bookmarked was a police front to bust men who pay for prostitution. One of the national newspapers did a cover-story on it, using the police hook site I had bookmarked as a case-in-point on their story on the underworld of the illicit sex trade.   Had I gone through with it, I would have been a criminally registered sex offender - ending my career and education options for good, the only thing I really having going for me - ontop of being forever alone.  Can anyone explain to me the avenues of finding *actual* prostitues/escorts in a way that's safe?
In Poland a prostitute costs about a day worth of wages for a semiskilled worker, whereas in the UK it's 2 days.   What's the price in Russia?
Wait till you get horny again..
Sorry, but the way you worded the title made me imagine something like... oh, I visited a prostitute, "hello prostitute, nice day there", and then instead of having sex you just drink some coffee and chill, "goodbye prostitute, it was nice seeing you there".
You sound like an Indian guy in quora.
Sorry but you had a bad pitty sex from a prostitute whose job is to make you cum as soon as she can (took 30 seconds and 3 mins, not judging, I'd do the same), and now you're convinced sex is not important.  Kind of likr you ate the most absolute garbage tomato from a greenhouse that tastes like water while Italians have a tradition of using tomato sauce in their Pizza and they are famous for it but because the only tomato you know is that shitty tasteless tomato you ate in Moscow so you think tomato is overrated.  Sure. That's why people are married. It's overrated. SUUUUURE. Like billions of people marry have sex for thousands of years but it's overrated. Totally convinced...  Sumerians have a legend called Gilgamesh and it starts with a prostitute and women moan while having sex but sure sex is overrated....
People get blowjobs with condoms on?
Too bad it ain't legal in cali and I'm too lazy to go Nevada
Now just do it one time per month.
I had sex with a prostitute a year ago right before coronavirus.  She was Chinese and had big boobs that I loved. I got to fuck her, kiss her everywhere, ravaged her, and titty fucked her boobs too. Kinda weird to say but I really liked her skin  She even gave me a free blowjob without a condom as well even though she said she wasn't supposed to do that without a condom. She even gave me her card after the session and invited me for more action.  Was a lot of fun and I enjoyed letting out the inner hedonist in me.  Then coronavirus arrived =(
"she gets off, take off my condom, i lie she sits near me , we talk about weather, my countryside, her countryside, and she says "why such a handome guy doesnt have a gf ?" i say "maybe im not lucky yet"  She says that i should find one to get more practice =)"   That's weird. I get a prostitute complimenting a client, but why would they try to steer towards a lifestyle that would motivate you not to come back and hire them again? If I hire an uber driver they're never going to start telling me "you seem like you'd be a good driver, you should get a car!"
😂
Make a trip to Europe once Covid is over.
I'll just bookmark this for later...
If it's illegal in your country it's never going to be safe. There is always measures you can take to ensure safety. Always verify pictures, always have them come to you, make sure they are alone. Undercover cops will never travel to you because stings are in a location were they can set up shop. Cameras, decoys, back up.  Remember, there needs to be an actual exchange of money for a crime to be committed. I kno because I almost got arrested for this. The cop could not prove a monetary exchange was going to or had taken place though so I was let go.
Here in Brazil prostitution is not ilegal, but pimping is. There's plenty of websites and even Facebook groups where the girls anounce their 'services' and prices.
It’s a safe sex practice
Why else they come in flavour then?
you can get laid in any state, these girls sell it via snap chat, twitter, instagram, only fans.......  technically its not legal but it happens literally all the time.  check this out [www.fuqlist.com](https://www.fuqlist.com)
does seem kinda weird and visiting a prosititue has nothing to do with looks or not being able to get a gf   its literally a service, good looking men, rich men, married men etc all visit prosititues.
Or Nevada lol
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyqxjm/30_year_old_virgin/
I have never been lucky in love. During my teens years, I watched as the jocks had their pick of any girl they wanted. Because girls wanted them too. But I was never desired or seen as a person by girls. Perhaps it was partly my Aspergers, but I never had any desire to have sex at this age. I didn’t constantly think about boobs or touching them, my interests were mainly video games and music. Yes, in many ways, puberty struck me pretty late in the game. By my 20s, I started thinking about girls as not just classmates but sexual beings too. But my hormones thankfully never took over and led me to hurt a girl with my overeagerness. In college, I think it finally hit me what I was missing. Late one night, I woke up to noises coming from my roommate’s room. He had a girl in his room and they were having sex. I’d seen enough teen comedies by that point to guess what they were doing. And it sounded like fun! That doesn’t mean that I started to think of girls as nothing but playthings; I wished that I had an emotional connection with a girl.   And so, here I am. Almost 30 years old and I’ve never been in a relationship, had sex or even had a female friend. This has been eating at me for a long while. I have seen people my age and younger dating or getting married, and it just isn’t happening for me. I’ve tried dating sites/apps and opening up to girls more in group projects and social groups. But it’s clear to me now that girls don’t desire me or see my value as a human. And now, because of COVID, I don’t think that will change anytime soon. I suppose that I could just hire an escort to hang out with me for an afternoon or so; I would’ve never considered that an option before COVID. But, at this point in my life, I need to feel some connection with girls. I know I’d be paying them to have sex, but I’d really be paying them to treat me like a human. Seriously, even if we are just playing Pokémon on Switch or talking about something stupid we saw on tv, I will feel more human than I’ve felt in a long time.
This year I'll be 30. I'm scared.
When you say women don't see you as a human, I think you mean they don't find you attractive. That's different.
Next year I'll be 30.   And I know for a fact nothing will change. Apart from being closer to death, which I do find comforting.
Almost 31 in the same boat here and I live in a college town so I see happy couples everywhere and it eats me inside.  Covid's been a bit of a blessing as I don't see these people out expressing their love in public these days.  But on the other hand I can't exactly go on dates or hang out with other people.    What I really don't get is how even some of my former incel friends somehow found their first girlfriends during this pandemic and disappeared and now I'm the only certified virgin in my social group or probably anywhere in this town at this age for that matter.
What is meant by the term "jocks"? Here in the UK it means a Scottish person, which I'm guessing isn't the case here.
Being a virgin doesn’t make you less than human. Whether or not someone finds you attractive doesn’t make you less human either. You are a human. A valuable human. There’s more to life than human attraction.
My sister has aspergers I get it. Its rough and hard to find a girl who understands. IF you do get an escort be sure to use protection!
I'll be 39 this year. Wonder if I get a prize for being a legit 40 year old virgin next year.
Same.
Me as well. 8/29.
Before you know it you will be 32. Live your life.
I feel that bro
I’m empathize bro. Feels like we’re left behind, almost everyone I know has a bf/gf
I know i sympathize with you.
No it’s not lol. Jocks are the guys who are sporty and popular
OK, thanks for the clarification.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kykg1r/stop_showing_me_stupid_videos_that_dont_interest/
My brother just told me this when I showed him some YouTube videos I thought were funny. I don't have anyone else to show them too cuz I don't have friends. Feels bad man :(
At least he was honest. It still sucks though. This type of experience makes you stop reaching out to anyone at some point.
This is exactly why I’m not close to my family. I know how hard it is to want to share your excitement...
I feel you. I feel the same way whenever I find something really hilarious. Sometimes I wish I had someone to share it with lol, but they might not share my sense of humour anyways.
I don't know what relationship you have with your brother, but when you share things with people they won't always like them as much as you do, no matter how close you are
No matter how much you love someone, it's annoying when don't have the same sense of humor, learn and move on.  PD. That's why humor helps a lot in relationships, either you make her laugh or you just anoy, no middle point.
Wow that sucks might as well share them here. Were all losers here
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kys2fx/why_does_every_girl_i_talk_to_hate_me/
I've been talking to this girl I see through work (but isn't a coworker), and today she gave me the stare and head shake that I've seen before that tells me I've fucked it up horribly. I know this look more than I know any look of happiness. I told her that I liked talking to her, and that I'm not used to someone showing such interest in me. It's been 3 days since, and she hasn't said anything, just given me the look.  And this always fucking happens when I get interested in a girl. They hate that I even exist after. And I have no fucking idea why. I'm not pushy, I'm not making things sexual, I just want to talk and get to know them. But they make me feel worthless with their response to that. I get no answers even to know where I fucked up or why I get shut down with such finality. And these are what I would consider my "successes".  No one else thinks I'm so despicable, so why do women?
You sound like someone who jumps the gun and reveals way too much early on that it becomes overbearing for women. You say you're not pushy, but we only have your word and not any objective proof that you aren't, but tons of proof that you are with women getting turned off by you.
I feel like it’s generally not a good idea to tell coworkers that you like them. These days, boundaries are very well defined. Work is for work, online dating is for dating, meetups are for making friends, etc.   This girl probably is not going to work to try to meet anyone. She’s there to work and earn a paycheck.
If a strategy has continually failed, why keep trying? These ladies are rejecting you because you are crossing boundaries and that last part about not being used to someone showing such interest is really making it worse. Theyre coworkers and youre revealing your personal life and it doesn't seem like she wants to know that.   These signs don't seem like she hates you but I imagine she's annoyed. Would you appreciate going somewhere for a specific purpose and get advances from something completely different?   It would be different if she showed actual signs but I don't see that as of what you gave currently written.
don't go after girls you work with; it makes them feel very uncomfortable. and borders sexual harassments. (girl opinion)
How did you start talking outside of work? As colleagues and trying to be friends?
I wish I could help you, but I'm here to give up
Not every girl you meet wants to be in a romantic relationship and once you told her how you felt it probably put her off cauze she wasnt intending on having anything other than a friiendship with you. You may have read her friendliness as interest and it wasn't. And to avoid that she just backed off
[removed]
How the fuck is it done then? How do you let girls know how you feel if you don't say anything? Everyone tells me I don't talk enough, then I say something and it fucks me over. If I said nothing I'd be fucked because I'd be stuck in a cycle of getting my hopes up and getting let down. Why can't they just like me? Why can't they at least say something instead of ignoring and abandoning me?
She's not a coworker, she's someone that I occasionally see through work. Not anymore though, I got the hint to stay away. She even encouraged it, it was weird to have someone show so much interest in me. I wish I had the option to meet girls some other way than work.
What other strategy is there? How do you get girls to like you without talking tm them?    She's not a coworker, we work at different places.    Why do people say you're supposed to be more open about how you feel if they hate you when you talk about how you feel? This just makes me never want to tell someone how I feel again.    She did show signs though, that' why it was so frustrating for me. She asked questions that no asks me, I could see her eyes smile when she would see me, she said stuff about wanting to see me without my mask on. I waited for as many signs as possible so I could be sure that she was interested because I was so afraid of this happening.
I don't work with her, we're at different businesses. I've never even really worked with a girl before, always end up at male only places. Part of the reason I have so little experience with women, I'm never around them. The only others I meet are cashiers and waitresses.
As another girl. Getting to know someone you work with and wanting to be in a relationship with them is not sexual harassment.
I gave her my phone number, we talked a lot for the first week, she asked lots of questions, seemed really interested, then she really slowed down.
>Not every girl you meet wants to be in a romantic relationship  I don't think you realize.  The issue isn't that not every girl wants to date.  Rather the complete inverse: Every girl we meet ABSOLUTELY DOES NOT have any romantic interest in us.
I wasn't trying to be romantic, I didn't say "I love you", I said I liked talking to her. Do friends not like talking to each other? Do they not talk about their struggles?
Tried that, only felt like shit after.
I'll be brutally honest with you. Telling a girl "I like talking to you, and I'm not used to someone showing such interest in me" is one of those things you should probably just keep to yourself. It can put the other person in an awkward position.  "How do you let girls know how you feel if you don't say anything?" It depends on what you're going after. If you're just trying to be friends, you don't need to declare that you want to be best friends with them. That's awkward as hell. Just let it develop naturally over time, and show it by how you socialize and spend time together.   Again... I don't know what you're saying to these girls and can only hypothesize. But it sounds like you're showing them initially that you want to be friends, but then start giving off vibes that you want something more intimate. That WILL drive a lot of women away from you if you're saying one thing but "vibing" another.
Ask them out. That is how you say you're interested in more. Don't bring up feelings until you are in a relationship. You date and then decide if it's worth a relationship. Then you discuss feelings.
[deleted]
These things you called signs are prolly just normal behaviour for normal people. As FA you are unfortunately prone to get over-excited about anyone who shows the slightest breeze of interest in you or acknowledges your existence. It never ends well.
My mistake, not a coworker.  The thing about being open is that its something you do gradually. You dont meet someone, make a few guesses on signs and come so forward like that. That is unnerving. Do you think best friends are built so quickly? All relationships take time to build, over shared experiences and trust.   Which signs specifically? Smiling and being friendly are just that. Did she hint at meeting with you outside of the usual setting? Even the comment about your mask could be interpreted as flirting but some are naturally flirty but don't mean anything seriously.
I'm just saying any dude ask for my number while I'm working is getting shot down
Didn't say it WAS I said it can be seen that way. Its not even worth going there. Not in a real job.
You said she wanted to know what you looked like without a mask. Did you not exchange pictures at all?
☹️ This is hurtful for the both of you and I'm sorry that it seems that way they say every pot has its lid and I hope all the gods that everyone one day will meet their significant other as lame as that may sound
Friends don't tell each other that the other friend is giving them attention that they haven't experienced in a while before. It comes across as needy and other intentions besides friends pending in the background
[removed]
She doesn't seem to want to socialize anyway. I wish she never talked to me, wouldn't get the wrong idea then. I don't really want to talk to any girl ever again, these feelings are so horrible yet so expected. I thought this was developing naturally, I don't have enough experience to know any different. It mad me feel good for once, that a girl might actually like talking to me. Now I feel like utter shit, like I'm back in highschool and girls think I'm a creep. I shouldn't fucking feel this way at 28.. Most people my age have had many relationships, marriage, and kids. And I'm sitting here still trying to figure out how to make fucking friends and talk to girls. I feel like such a lost fucking cause and no one even wants to help. That's why I fucking said what I said, I thought it would be the mature thing to do, that I'd get aome sort of support. Instead I just got the "don't talk to me creep" look.
I wanted to, but she would go days without talking to me. Then she'd talk to me again, then she wouldn't. I had to say something because it was making me depressed. Now I'm super depressed.
Don't they just tell you to leave the person?
Yeah, guess I'm just eternally fucked.
How do you build relationships over time if they don't give you any time?
I know. That's why I have so so few opportunities, and when a promising one like this blows up it really sucks. Could be years before I get another chance like this.
After she said that, yeah.
The line between needy and not needy seems so blurry to me. If I don't say anything they walk away, if I say the wrong thing they run away. 9999 times out of 10000 it's the wrong thing. I just wanted someone to talk to, turns out no one wants to talk to me.
What is SMV?    And why are you already going back on the advice you just gave?
There's a lot to unpack from that comment.   \- *"I don't have enough experience to know any different."* That's okay. You have to understand that right now you're learning, and as long as you're open to learning, you still have a chance to improve.  \- *"Most people my age have had many relationships, marriage, and kids."* You aren't most people though, so this is a comparison that needs to be withdrawn from your mind. When it comes to socializing, you're a newbie. That's the only thing you should be focused on.   \- *"And I'm sitting here still trying to figure out how to make fucking friends and talk to girls."* If that's the case, what you need to do is start seeking out advice on socializing in general. Watch videos, read books, listen to podcasts, etc. There's a book called "The Charisma Myth" that (hint: you can download a free pdf if you search) I highly recommend. It's a good book to draw ideas/inspiration from.   \- *"I feel like such a lost fucking cause and no one even wants to help. That's why I fucking said what I said, I thought it would be the mature thing to do, that I'd get aome sort of support."*  Unfortunately, most people don't want to be burdened with other people's problems. This is why seeing a therapist really helps people who need someone to talk to. If that is an option, don't be scared to try it out, or at least think about looking into it.   Anyways... personally, I would just focus on trying to make guy friends first. Build up your basic social skills, and start developing a healthy base to work from. It's a bit trickier when it comes to making friends with women as you may have already noticed. These things might feel painful right now, but failure is how you learn. All these shitty painful moments, you can grow from and improve.
She lost interest if she would go days without talking to you. That makes your comment about liking her attention and no one else giving you as much extremely weird as she was trying to back off.
You keep trying until you find someone that is willing to do that. One thing that will help improve your chances is going to events that are built around that. Whether thats meetups, other events or even blind dating meetings.
Getting a girl to like you is easy AF. I need some info though i need ur age,sex,location are you school,work, if so what kinda school or what kinda work, do u have DL/carand/job? If you dont have any of that your'e not ready for a girl
Did she change after that? Was she less involved or anything?
[removed]
I don't even get to socialize. This is the first girl I've regularly talked to in 7 years. The last one moved far away and never spoke to me again. I don't like making friends with guys, I get too much of that at work, there's nothing interesting and rarely anything respectable about them. Plus, like I said, most people my age are married with families, so they don't have time and it just sucks seeing other people have it so easy.    Thinking about how inexperienced I am at socializing at my age doesn't help my confidence one bit, which isn't going to get me anywhere with people that are experienced. Fucking 14 year olds have more experience than me.    I tried therapy, they told me they're too busy to deal with me. Doesn't help me feel any better or that there's any help there.
I had to say something though, she's the first girl to show any interest in 7 years, and the only person around me that I share interests with. Doing nothing didn't feel like it would help.
If I keep trying this I don't think I'm going to survive.
If it's so easy why is it so impossible?    WTF is DL and carand?
She commented that I don't smile much, then she got quiet. She'd still talk to me after, but wouldn't text much. Which really gave me mixed signals, amd made me depressed. I didn't go into detail about that with her.
You said to go for the fat ugly ones, then said not to race to the bottom or talk about humans that way. And sexual market value seems to be a pretty disgusting way to talk about humans.    I don't even have a range to choose from. I was lucky just to have this one talk to me, it could be years before I get another chance.
You're really in no position to be picky over who you socialize with. You do realize you're going to have even LESS in common with women your age, right? You're restricting yourself to making friends with women, even though you struggle talking to them. That doesn't make a lot of sense. You're inadvertently sabotaging your own social life. Is there something about guys that makes you avoid friending them?   Your age is irrelevant. Stop comparing where you're at in your life to other people. Your unique circumstances are not theirs. You're not them, you're you.  That sucks... you should try a different therapist then if possible. It sounds like you need someone to talk to in a professional setting, which is why I suggested that.
keyboard error Drivers License and car is what I meant\* You must have those in order to court a female she will normally want these two items. If you have them then pick the most unattractive, insecure, low-self esteem  girl at your school/class/church whatever, make sure she single, and tell her shes beautiful there you go problem solved.
It sounds like she was no longer interested in getting to know you better after that and you went full speed ahead and told her that you wanted more with what you said.
[removed]
I'm not looking to socialize, and don't want to do it with just anyone anyway. And I usually have more in common with women than guys. This girl is the first to even know of some shows that I watch and do some of the sports I do. The guys around me are usually Trump loving scum, and I'm so sick of hearing that bullshit everyday. Or they're pretty disrespectful of women, yet they somehow have wives, which really confuses me. Am I supposed to not respect women and speak down to them? Seems to be what works for others, yet I'm not comfortable with that.    Even if I don't make the comparison of myself to others, I know others do. I get comments often about how I don't have a "woman", wife, or children. Others are so preoccupied with theirs that they think everyone should/do have families.
That strategy leads to nothing but problems. Also I don't even know any other girls besides the one giving me problems right now.
I didn't go full speed ahead, I waited, she would still talk to me, then wouldn't, then would, then wouldn't. It didn't make any sense to me, so I said something, now it's fucked.
WTF are you even talking about?
Sounds like some good advice you got there that you just ignore and keep spewing the same thing. I hope you didn't push all this on her too about how lonely you are and throw a pity party. If you did it's probably why she isn't interested. No one like anyone wallowing in self pity with no attempt to change the situation its off putting
See now you're being selective and picky and creating excuses instead of solutions. Big girls need love too. And they more loyal than them skinny cashiers. lol I lived long enough to witness it my friend. take it or leave it.
Also theres tons of girls in the Department of Corrections looking for penpals.
The advice is the same that I always get, and it just doesn't make a difference. I tried to change the situation by talking about it and explaining how I feel. How can I be expected to change if I get shot down every time I reach out for help? That's the kind of thing that just compounds the problem and makes me not want to ask for help in the future. This is just more mixed messages, being told to express how I feel, but having it ruin everything. I've tried not saying how I feel, that just gets me no where.
You know how many desperate guys are trying that? There's zero chance I stand out among them.
How are you going to get better at talking with women if you never practice talking...? You think one day you're going to read a magical Reddit post and become a "casanova" over night? That's never going to happen.   You seem far more interested in venting and expressing yourself rather than trying to improve yourself. That's fine... but realize that this is what therapists are for. Your friends are NOT your therapists, and when you start treating them as such, you're going to push them away. If you can't find a therapist for whatever reason, start using a journal/diary and start unloading your thoughts that way.   I've known a few people similar to you before, and they always end up pushing everyone away because they were too focused on unloading all of their problems onto everyone else. Right now, you're toxic. People are drawn towards those who make them feel good about themselves. Until you address your own internal toxicity, people will continue to be repelled by you.
Oh lordddd well you gotta bring something extra, personality, sesne of humor, nice car, cute puppy, SOMETHING.
But how can I change if no one ever wants to be around me to show support and just abandons me at the first bad signs? I'm this fucked up because I've been alone and rejected all my life. I can only work on myself so much without seeing any results, any changes. Why do other people get support? Why do other people have friends that encourage them to make positive changes? Why can't I have that?
[${URL}] https://www.instagram.com/painting100oranges/

So is the plan to make 100 separate paintings of oranges?
>!make orange juice!<
There must be someone out there with 100 of those little mini bottles of vodka wondering what to do with them...
Why stop at 100
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyhsix/man_theres_a_million_different_little_things_id/
I want to know what it feels to have a girl just lie on top of me. I don't even care about sex. I want to feel the weight of her body and the slow cadence of her breathing. I want to know what it feels like to be her special person in her life . I want the feeling of being emotionally vulnerable to someone. I want the feeling of hanging out with her and showing her off to all of my friends. I want to be able to get into a habit of hugging and kissing her every time we see each other.   I want to not feel touch starved and lonely anymore.
I want all that too, but especially what you said about being vulnerable. Everyone I’ve ever been vulnerable to has pushed me away or used it against me. For once I want my real feelings to be validated.
only person who has actually ever validated my feelings has been my therapist
I’m tryna get that sloppy toppy Dyson vacuum action on my pee pee bruh
Meanwhile my junk is dying of no action
Nothings better then a friend. If you have friends, you have wealth. Don’t worry about having a girlfriend, worry about being able to go out and mingle with friends. When all of this is over, you will experience that. Head up soldier, we’re winning this battle.
just because you have a partner, it doesn’t mean you’ll never be lonely again and all your problems will be solved. You can have a partner and still be lonely from time to time, if they aren’t with you and you miss them. And all of your insecurities will still be there, and may even be heightened if your partner is not a good person for you.
Tell you what, give me $20 an hour and I'll spend that time validating whatever the hell you want.  Feelings?  Validated.  Hopes and Dreams?  Validated.  Parking?  Validated.
nah you don't have the tips for helping me get tested
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kz0n9u/advice_on_being_alone_or_in_a_relationship/
Hey guys I've recently been feeling a little hopeless about the dating world and looking for advice on how to be okay with being alone. I've never had anyone interested in me and out of the 40+ girls I've talked to, only 1 agreed to a date just to ghost me right after. I've tried bettering every part of myself over the past year and it's starting to seem like maybe I'm just the type of guy who will be single my entire life. I have lots of friends and everyone tells me they like having me around and talking to me, and "one day I'll find the right one" but that advice is probably to make me feel better.  I'm confident with myself, my hobbies, and friends, but having a connection with another person seems like it would be amazing. Is it? It's hard being surrounded with media, family, and friends constantly pushing relationships and how great they are in my face. The only date I went on with that girl was just us talking for 3 hours about random stuff but that was the most I've enjoyed doing something in awhile! It's crazy to me that people get that almost every day.  Any advice for these things? Just looking for a reason to stop myself from crying when I see anything romantic.
You need to understand that it’s not entirely your faults and that every experience/external force in your life has made it harder to date. Same for me. 21 now, and people always say that I should have a girlfriend because I’m smart, handsome, athletic, whatever, but they haven’t seen what I went through that makes it harder for me.  Edit: To add, even though my friends hype me up, I don’t trust them. I don’t listen to anyone. I have learned to walk the path alone. Learn to be stoic. And like one guy said, it’s really hard to find a true partner. Timing is everything.
Honestly man. It’s all luck these days. You just have do the typical use dating apps, asks out girls at the gym/work/school, etc. and just hope someone says yes.
1) what are your hobbies? are there girls there? 2) why did you reach out to 40 different girls and what did u do for the 1 date? 3) friends and family are they setting u up on blind dates? 4) what exactly did you "improve" on yourself
My advice, first learn to look at yourself objectively in order to see yourself as others see you. If you don't do this, then you can't truly understand what the problem is.   Once you've determined the root of your problem, look for a solution. There may not be one, but you can't expect any success if don't know why you're failing.   If you really cannot solve the problem, then it's important to know why if you're going to move past it. Going through life alone but feeling like there's something you could do just leads to endless questions and restlessness. When you really and truly know your situation is beyond your control and why that is, it's much easier to make peace with that reality.
It's temporary even when it's a success, they call that the honeymoon phase. Average is 3 months. I can't help I'm the same way,
I’ve done that the past 6 years to no success I guess I’m just super unlucky
I’m in my university’s marching/pep bands, choirs. I recently picked up skating and cooking new foods from different cultures. There are girls in the bands and I’ve met a handful there and through classes, but when I tried to talk to them or have a mutual friend set us up, it’s always a no   40 has been over the past couple years not all at once haha. I never meant for the number to be so high, it just what it turned out to be. For our date we met for coffee and then she offered to show me around all the places she grew up going to since I’m not from this city. We ended up talking and walking way longer then we were supposed to and I missed all my classes for the day lol. A couple days later and she said she wanted to do something again and hasn’t responded to me since   No they’re just all in active dating lives. It’s weird seeing my older cousins settling down and having children and my younger brother of 5 years dating and getting attention from girls   I changed my wardrobe, grew out a new hair style, started doing small workouts, started appreciating all of the things I had going well for me, and got better at my hobbies
You’re probably right. Even then that’s 3 months of getting to experience something special that not everyone gets
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyu70n/i_just_want_to_be_sad/
Or at least that's what people tell me when I don't lie. When I say I'd rather die than go through the struggle of adding more sacrifice on top of existing in Hellworld. I'd rather just kill myself. I can't call a help line because I rarely have the time or ability to. I work 50 hour weeks, its not like I can just disappear for mental health reasons, the point is to push you as nonlethally as possible  for their profits.  At a certain point I'm just lying. I don't want to try any more, I don't want to work myself to death, I don't want to live in this world of pointless suffering. I have been depressed all week. No one can say a single thing that isn't just a echo of what a doctor said or a message of hope. I'm out of hope. This world only wants my blood.   Please don't waste money on me. Don't post emojis or whatever the fuck they are call. They are fucking pointless. Hell either no one will respond or everyone will, that's usually how it works.
Can't really help you cuz I'm not happy myself. I want therapy, but I don't know how to get it.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyt53h/for_those_of_you_with_friends_do_they_really_keep/
I hear so many people on here talking about how their friends will constantly be bringing up the details of their relationships/sex lives. Is it just a matter of not understanding your situation, or do you think it's just so ingrained in people to talk about these sorts of things that it's nothing to them? How are you able to deal with those things being brought up so frequently?  Maybe part of the reason I don't have friends is because I wouldn't be able to take constantly hearing about their SOs. It's one thing if they mention something about their gf/bf, but it's another thing to go into intimate details of their personal lives as if to brag.
Friends? Ha.
Yes occasionally, when I’m not the third wheel. Even past and current coworkers do it if we’re close like that. My friends and some coworkers know my situation but I don’t wanna be bitter so I don’t discourage them, plus they aren’t bad dudes so I know why they are successful. On the flip side I don’t think they really understand my situation, at the end of the day they’ll say I’m not trying hard enough or that I’m a decent dude so they don’t see the problem. I can’t change my dating situation as it seems but knowing my friends see something is nice I guess.
For me it’s not always them always talking about it, but instead I go on social media and Snapchat and see the pictures they post
I feel it depends on the social context, such as if it's one on one or in a group setting.   Where one on one, they may not bring it up if they are aware of your struggles. Or, only bring it up if it's an update about their life, or (very rare) trying to see how you're doing in that front and maybe help you out.   In a group setting, it's harder to avoid that as people would share what's going on with their life, and that often includes their work/studies and partners. It's harder to control the topic of discussion within a larger group too.   I don't think many are doing it to brag, though one must account for age and again, the social context; like if you're out drinking with a bunch of frat boys, then one can expect that some are doing it to brag.
Why would you expect your friends to not share details of what's going on in their daily lives? There would be no point to being friends.
Yeah that's mostly what they talk about. Usually it's them telling me what they've been up to, how difficult it is raising kids, and what complaints they have with their spouse. My role, which is not much different when they were dating, is to give relationship advice and provide insight. I'm the last one who should fill this role so it's comical to me that that's what I'm expected to do.
The better friends you are with someone the more involved you are in their lives. I'm like the sad fake uncle in my friends family. So I'll babysit while my friends go on a date.
It’s so normal in my friend group to talk about issues/successes w/ SOs.... because pretty much everyone in my friend group has a SO or experience with one. They all know I can’t relate but because everyone else Can it always comes up... I just pretend I do not see it lol I have no useful advice
It's funny because this is about the only subreddit that I would have to preface my question with, "For those of you who have friends".
It feels almost as if our situation is impossible to grasp for your normal person. It's like they think not having a SO by the time you're in your 20s is just a myth.
That's a big part of the reason I avoid social media.
I was talking about going into intimate details of their love lives.
By the same token, real friends take the feelings of their friends into account. You might think twice about telling a friend who's poor about your big raise at work, or telling your gambling addict friend about your big win on the slots, or going on about your new baby to your friend who's infertile or just had a miscarriage.
That sounds so uncomfortable. It reminds me of the time two guys from work wanted me to go with them to McDonald's for lunch. They talked about WWE the whole time. I know nothing about WWE, so I just sat there uncomfortably feeling like a third wheel.
Yeah I’ve noticed it’s really a head scratcher for them
That's the main reason I avoid social media.
There's a difference between rubbing something in their face and sharing your life.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyuf2t/someone_to_talk_to/
hi im drunk rn and id like someone to talk to because this loneliness is hurting me it hurts my soul and im dizzy from all this loneliness. im tired of seeing people getting along with each other and being friends while i struggle to even find someone to talk to.
Whats up?  A party scene or drinking alone?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyq3lw/feeling_like_my_heart_just_got_punched_inside_my/
Don't you just hate it when you see a picture of your crush obsessing over her new boyfriend. When you want her like never before. It's killing me. I need to move on. Someone help me.
That is very painful. It's best if you cut all contact and social media with her as much as possible. Also, remember she may not be aware of your crush on her. She is not rejecting you by being with him.
I have been doing this on a much more extreme level for half my life now. My advice is to not have crushes. Date without feelings if you can. I can't.
Oh my god, I’m going through the exact same thing except the genders are reversed. I can’t even begin to explain how envious and angry I am at his girlfriend, and that even though I should be happy for her, I’m not. That should be me with him, not her.
This is the Main problem. I am dying to tell her how I feel but she is with someone and I can’t. I know telling her would give me the closure I fully need but until they break up I can’t. They are under 6 months in but idk what I should do if I should tell her anyway
If you feel you need to tell her anyway, then do it. It doesn't matter that she is with someone else. I mean, be respectful, but it's not like she is married. You can tell her and she can think about it. But don't put all your hopes in her. I'm sure she's an awesome person but she is not perfect, no one is. And if she says she is not interested, then you don't want to be devastated or feel like you're not a worthy person, because you are. And if she does say no, it may not mean no forever, just no now. But either way, you need to prepare yourself for whatever her answer is. Regardless, don't put your self worth into her or your possible future relationship.
No of course. I’m just worried how I’ll be perceived by asking how she feels while she’s in a relationship :S just something I’m worried about doing some people suggest it’s a shitty thing to do and to either wait or not bother at all which I respect more; but like you said I feel the need to get it out of me some how.
If she’s not interested doesn’t that mean the person isn’t worthy, I’ve really started to believe it at this point.
Well I'm a little bit older than you probably so I just see things from the bigger picture in a way. But if it will be seen as disrespectful, then you shouldn't do it. I'm assuming she's young. Most of those relationships don't last. But still do what you feel is right for you. You need to decide if you can handle not telling her without regret. If not, you should tell her. You can do it in a respectful way
At this time, sure. But it doesn't mean she has rejected him. She just may not think of him like that right now. I mean I just know a lot of people who are married now and one of the two wasn't interested in the other at first.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyg92n/another_birthday_another_disappointment/
Well, here I am again, no longer a 31 year old KHV.  I was thinking of writing a long post about whatever, but there's really nothing I could say.  Not much has changed in my life since last year, but I'm still hoping things will turn around. Somehow. They won't, of course, but hope is one hell of a drug, isn't it?    https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/epl1qa/im_31_today/
Happy birthday dude. I turned 32 last week as well. Exactly the same situation for me. Kinda numb to everything at this stage of KHV
You're not alone in your plight. I turned 33 last month and am in the same rotten, leaky boat.
Happy Birthday! 🎂
Happy birthday bro. If you need someone to talk to about anything, I’m here for ya
Happy birthday! May this year be better for you.
Hopium is the most dangerous drug. Happy birthday brother 🥂
Birthdays are always soulcrushing.. That said happy birthday, hope u had a nice day!
Thank you man. I think we just got too used to it, hence the numbness. I want to believe so much that things could be different, but.. you know how it is.
whats KHV
It's tough but want to tell you that you are not alone. :)
Thank you. Sure thing, feel free to hit me up whenever you feel like it.
For all of us.
Kissless Hugless/Handholdless Virgin
Thank you! Yes, I know.. there are dozens of us! Hundreds, even! : )
Handholdless in my case.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyka7i/am_i_the_only_one/
Am I the only one who has started to see other people as NPCs? I'm not sure if it's the lack of genuine interaction with others or what but I can't help but see others as NPCs with preprogrammed actions and dialogue. I fumble through this life with a series of predetermined missions that does not include anyone else.
I know what you mean. Sometimes you observe the world around you and people are going about their lives in a predictable way without noticing you. No matter where I am I see the same "types" everytime.
I mean I feel like that’s just the norm these days. Before the internet, people mingled, talked, and approached each other more. You had to. You couldn’t exactly jump on dating sites or meetup sites to meet people. Nowadays, you go online for pretty much every need. Dating sites for meeting people, job sites for employment, Amazon for shopping, etc.  It’s pretty common to see people out in public solely focused on their task and not really focused on mingling with others.
Bruh, *I* feel like the NPC in my life
Sort of makes you wonder if we are in a simulation.
Sometimes I feel like an alien on this planet not fitting in
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyhthc/lets_forever_be_alone_together/
If you're feeling lonely, feel free to talk about anything.      I'll talk to anyone here who's feeling lonely.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ky5y0t/i_honestly_dont_get_it/
How do people meet people, let alone get into relationships? For so many people it seems to be easy, always through some connections (aka friends), but what if you have no friends to begin with? I hate this, I don't know what to do, where to go, and I'm sure I already forgot how to normally communicate with another human being. I see so many of my colleagues talk about relationships and exes like it's nothing, while I'd kill to get into a relationship. I'm 18, and I'm sure this kinda stuff only gets harder and harder with age, but honestly it seems super hard for me already. Once again, I don't get it, I really don't.
It's exactly when you have to ask yourself those questions and it doesn't come naturally to you and instead all social interaction feels awkward and cramped you're kinda fucked. I also have no idea how it works.
Tenacity, positive reinforcement of some degree and experience in general.  Rejection in a part a life and happens to everyone. It can be for a job, relationship, friends and more. Regular people realize that a rejection isn't saying that they aren't good enough. It means that they were incompatible and/or that they weren't at the same point as the other person. Whereas someone else would internalize and be paralyzed by that, they move on to the next person. They will have a time to feel sad but it will be significantly shorter than others. Having positive experiences to some degree in the past helps with this tenacity. It gives you a blueprint to follow. Having experience in general means you know right from wrong. You know red flags and acceptable social norms. You understand that people want someone relatable but also positive to a degree. We're all dealing with issues, whats the point of hanging with someone that makes you feel worse? Hence why confidence and being certain of the future are seen as so attractive. People feel at ease with someone that is content with themselves and knows what they want. That feeling is infectious.   Once you have a friend circle. Its easy to build from that as you get invited to events, you already have the blueprint and your circle widens. Relationships are similar. Knowing red flags, mutual friends and what you want in a partner all play a part.
Well,  a lot of people usually just find commonality and similar interest over time.  Most of the time, people don't just hit it off immediately and become great friends. It's a slow gradual process. And I guess it depends on the personality of both people.    I understand that you may have social anxiety,  so that makes it harder for you.  I guess the best way moving forward is to see who you are able to connect with or bond over similar interests that are around you.  Like, if you're in a freshmen in college,  it can be your roommates and neighbors,  or maybe even your colleagues from work.
I don’t get it either. But it’s one of those self reinforcing things, positive experiences with other people would breed further positive experiences with others, and negative would breed negative. It’s hard to get out of this loop without extreme dedication.
Yeah, and how some people can get into another relationship within weeks or months of breaking up with their previous partner never ceases to amaze me. Especially since I can’t even get one after years.
Some people are meant to be with others, some are meant to be alone. I'm one of the alone types. It is what it is. I haven't been in a relationship in 11 years. It gets easier being alone with time.
Getting into the right social circle is huge. I was in your boat at 18, but at 21 I joined a band. Drummer knew a ton of people and I connected with them, got a GF, etc. This is an extreme case because it's hard to get into a band that is niche specific. But social circle is huge at a young age, and sometimes people get thrown out of the loop. Had I not met "the right" people at 21, my life would have been totally different. One person just lead to another. Right place, right time. Unfortunately, this was easier to find in the 2000's (I am 41) and seems very difficult in the world of online dating.
`How do people meet people, let alone get into relationships?`   It's because they are higher value humans, allowing them to be higher up in the social caste system. And this usually comes down a combination of what social class you are born into, along with your biological makeup. And sadly, if you are perceived as a lower value human, then others will isolate you, mock you, and reject you. And if you even try to fight back, then they will think that you are the asshole. As the old saying goes, "the nail that sticks out gets hammered down".    `I'm 18, and I'm sure this kinda stuff only gets harder and harder with age, but honestly it seems super hard for me already.`   I'm 28, ten years older than you and let me tell you this. You must do everything in your power to try to overcome being FA, because once you reach my age, then it is already over. You will never be able to escape.
I don't get it either. I just don't seem to "gel" with anyone like that.
From school, tinder, work. I've had three relationships from tinder which were okay but didnt last long. My gf and i met in college. Big social circle helps a lot
Well I’m 35 and I haven’t been even in a relationship in over three years every time I try to get to know anybody on dating apps it goes nowhere. Can’t figure out where to go in the real world to actually meet new people with the way the world is now to actually make real world friends. I mean where is there to go to actually meet friends in the real world without having to go on dating absent and be at the mercy of these people around here that don’t wanna talk to you or don’t wanna respond you and don’t wanna bother put an effort in when you put all the effort and they give you nothing back which shows that there worthless.
It won't get better indeed. When I was 18 I didn't worry too much and I thought I would find a gf in college. I was so wrong, now I'm 20 and still nothing, and this virus only makes it harder. Life sucks, time is flying, I'm getting older and chances of finding a gf are becoming less and less.
Bro, you’re still young. I know what you feel cuz I’ve been there too and nowadays, sometimes, I still am.  You can start making friends with people who shares your interest, don’t start looking for relationships first. Build some friendships first. You’re only 18, there’s so much out good thing out there that you can do at your age. Also, surround yourself with positive people cuz you’re into it then you can freely be yourself.
You practice socializing with strangers. Trying to find a girl to date in your state is like climbing Mount Everest. I think you should work on talking to strangers. Old people are great to talk to, especially because they grew up in the age where taking to random people on the street was a normal human activity. Eventually, you can work towards younger people and finally girls you are interested in. But get this through your head: it is NORMAL and HUMAN to talk to strangers. I feel bad for the younger people who turn to their phones instead of their neighbors in 3D.
Persistence and not letting things get under your skin. What I struggle with is whether any of it is ultimately worth it. Would I be any happier with a bunch of drama, and having to compromise with the expectations of a partner?
This. People with friends are never referring to guides on how to make friends and they’re never actively out there trying to make friends. It just happens for them. They meet a few people at school/work, add them on social media, get invited to a few parties, meet new people, add them on social media, get invited to some other event, and the group of friends just keeps growing.
[removed]
Can't get rejected if social anxiety doesn't let you ask out anyone in the first place.
Or you could be like me and give up all hope of finding someone and turn life into killing time till something kills me
I hate being autistic.
Sorry, but I don't agree. We are humans, and humans are naturally sociable/need friends. Just because a bad series of events got you where you're right now, doesn't mean you should consider yourself a sub human and not worthy of love. Like, so many retards get it, you shouldn't put yourself down and say you don't deserve it.
I'm happy for you. For me the most frustrating part is watching people who don't deserve it get it easily. I don't know what it is, it must be they're really outgoing and got absolutely no sense of self embarrassment. Don't get me wrong, I've seen some good colleagues of mine get into relationships too, but those are rarity. I feel like I'll never meet "that person", due to combination of things like this shitty attitude and bad luck, but it is what it is, I'm glad you got lucky.
Please keep the bitter incel rhetoric to yourself and stop trying to corrupt anymore young people into your group.   I feel for you,  I do. I get how hard it is when you're different. I was a social outcast and had no friends until I was 15. Practiced talking to strangers on the street and being the center of attention and it stopped being scary.  You aren't lower value.  You told yourself this to explain yourself your situation but that is simply not true.   I had a huge crush on a guy who I now see was a huge angry incel.  He was really fat but smart engineer. He was awkward when we talked. I finally asked him out.  We went on two dates and then hooked up.  He never texted me again... well two months later he sent an awkward article link I never responded to. This guy followed Dan Bilzerian on Facebook and listened to all this rhetoric but he got scared and pushed me away when he could.  And trust me I'm not ugly at all. He just liked the narrative and the self pity. Well he's still a forever alone single guy at 34 now probably on this sub sometimes.
>And sadly, if you are perceived as a lower value human, then others will isolate you, mock you, and reject you.  Also, if somehow a person accepts you, others will talk shit about you to get that person to stop associate with you.
1.) Meeting people through school only works if you got into a really good school with decent people, and maybe with a few people from middle school. Never happened to me, and I can confidently say that all people in my class absolutely suck. Unlucky.   2.) Tinder sucks even more (don't get me wrong, glad it works for you), but you have to be at least 9/10 for girls to even look at you. I must say I have absolutely no desire or will to participate in that ego girl show, and not to mention my non existent confidence would get even lower after getting no matches. So, no.  3.) I can't talk about work, as I'm still a student, but I imagine it's the same as for school. I could get lucky and get with some very good people, or get bad ones, and suffer with them for eternity. It's a hit or miss, no middle.
Or maybe people want to be around someone that they have similar interests with an makes them feel good? Thats the key. Dont assume that its about being high or being an idiot. You dont want to approach with a negative bias because then you'll really have trouble understanding
I usually get on dating apps and social media drunk or high tbh
Actually if you’re the exact opposite, people will like you
Do you think your social anxiety is something that you can remedy or alleviate so that you can begin to ask people out?
Interesting proposition but ill stick with something more akin to absurdism. Life is strange and there's no true meaning, all we can do is invent one of our own. I cant speak to your future in terms of finding a partner but I hope life treats you better whether its with or without that person.
it's more attraction and social status based, me thinks...  at the end all those schizoid/autistic etc. women get into relationships just fine, same for good looking men, they can be even abusive and they'll still have relationships.
Who said that I view myself as a subhuman ? That's your perception of me, not mine. Worthy of love ? No one owes you love. Love is something that comes easily for some, while some people just can't find it. Some people are OK with being single. If you weren't 18, and still practically a child, I'd call you names. What a rude, pompous reply.
Dude, you have so much time. You are only 18. The right things will happen if you put yourself out there. And when 21 hits, the bars become available. If you lurk one long enough, you will find a GF. Keep your head up, just gotta meet the right folks.
> I was a social outcast and had no friends until I was 15  lol so you only got friends once you started developing secondary gender characteristics? How predictible... And perhaps most of your "friends" are male? lmao
1.) I cant speak on your situation since i dont know what country you live in and what school are you on. I got in to a okayish school with lots of students, so getting to know people is easy.   2.) I would not consider myself a 9. I had really good pics and clever bio that made people to start convos. I understand completely if you feel that online dating does not suite you.  3.) For my personal experience i can say that people in restaurant business are outgoing, social, and really fun to be around. I've been a bartender for 5 years i think? And met lots of great people. It also made me more social and more easily approachable. Most of the regulars are my friends and coworkers are like family
[removed]
I don't know if which fantasy world you live in, but I wish i was in that world too. Either that, or you were born in extremely good environment. Not the case here, good sensible people get eaten.
I highly doubt it
I don't want say shit here, but I am a somewhat good looking good (at the very least average) and well.. Am 22 now and also have never been in a relationship.  So looks are not the problem.
Wow, calm down buckaroo, It's called having a discussion, I never said anything bad about you, just that your comment gave me the impression you think you don't deserve love. Sure, if you're okay with being single - great for you, but it also seems a bit counter intuitive to spend your time on FA subreddit if you feel that way, don't you think? We obviously have different opinions, but I definitely think a good human deserves love.
Slow down bucko. Are there parts of society where being arrogant and high are praised? Yes.   But don't make it seem so black and white because it isn't. There are plenty of positive people that are succeeding and have no shortage of friends. What happens is that the assholes make a show and we tend to pay more attention to them. Thats all. You dig into it and just as there are successful assholes, there are those that end up alone, miserable and dealing with a multitude of problems from mental health to financial and more.   Trust me. The world is MUCH more complicated than what you're thinking
Yes people would rather date actual good people, not people who call others arrogant retards
Relax there mate, there are a lot of people that would not want to be friends with assholes, same as in relationships. People like fun and interesting people and nobody really likes an asshole. That’s a false perception you’ve taught yourself
maybe your personality sucks, its not hard to get a girlfriend especially not at age 18  school, friends, being social......its seriously not hard
I live in reality and this is what I regularly see. People are attracted to interesting and especially smart people, not people who act like an idiot
I know, I simplified it a lot. It's obviously much more complicated than that, nothing is back and white, and there are a combination of factors for each person, but this does seem to be an underlaying theme.
Wow, sorry for speaking facts, I don't lie to myself. Believe it or not, I'm a very good, kind person in real life, but that has never gotten me anywhere, ay? No reason to sugar coat anything.
Lucky you, I don't see that at all. Guess it also depends on where you're living, I'd imagine things aren't exactly the same everywhere.
Perhaps its a case of perspective as well. Its easy to notice the arrogant assholes and forget the others because they attract much less attention.
Yes, but it's not like you being an asshole will get you anywhere either. You're just fucked, but unfortunately not in a literal way.
I’ve lived in a lot of parts of the worlds and met a lot of different people and this pattern is always the same. I think your perception of reality is clouding your judgment
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyhyhb/musical_happiness/
It's different today, waking up to see the first proper snow in Paris!  The first thing that came to my mind was to put the music on full volume and play Aaron Smith - Dancin, to make the happiness take over!  Somehow I fail to understand that the weather can make you so happy even when you are alone, and the music takes over, with the garden outside white with snow.  &#x200B;  Anyone get this same feeling?)
I listen to music all the time.  Good music will carry me away.
For me it's the autumn rain and the fog. Doesn't make me do happy dancing or anything, just feels like "this is my weather, this is my time" you know?
nope
I guess it's the time, the place and the feelings that attach us to them :) For me it was walking through thick snow of Saint Petersburg :)
Quite straight forward :)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ky8dxg/theres_literally_no_point_in_me_living_a_long/
I’m 20 and have never been in a relationship before or anything despite trying. This has happened twice in a row and I’m in so much pain mentally that I honestly think I’m gonna end up alone forever.        Girl A I met in November in my apartment complex. She were crossing by the hallway and both said hi then from there we had a brief conversation (talked about classes, covid, having trouble meeting new ppl, general stuff). She then proceeded to ask if I have Snapchat which she then added me on. So the next day I messaged her our Snapchat saying I enjoyed talking to her and that we should hangout sometime. She never even opened the message and left me on delivered for a week so I gave up and blocked her.       Girl B I actually met yesterday. Very similar scenario except this happened in the elevator. took the elevator to pick up a package and there was a girl inside. She was literally exactly my type physically. So we're in the elevator and she says "Sorry that i dont have my mask on". We both laugh and I respond saying that it's ok. I then ask her how her day is going and from there a conversation striked up and I found out that we had some stuff in common (similar major, same classes) and then we happened to both be going to the mail room to pick up a package so the conversation continued and we talked about various other things like dealing with covid and having trouble meeting new people etc. So I then asked her if she has snapchat and she responds saying yes so I add her on there.       That same day I messaged her around 7 pm saying I enjoyed talking to her and asked if she wanted to hang out on Sunday. Same thing happened. It’s officially been 24 hours and she hasn’t opened the message at all(left on delivered). I don’t know what to even do anymore. Whenever I try and out myself out there, nothing happens. Whenever I don’t try and just keep to myself, nothing happens. This has seriously fucked me up mentally because I in a million years can’t see how I would be able to get a girlfriend if I can’t even get a girl to give me a chance.
Just a thought but don’t open with asking them to hang out. That’s a lot of pressure for someone you talked to for a few minutes in passing. Maybe start with hey and just trying to talk rather than jumping straight to hanging.   Think of it like online dating. Get to know someone for a second before moving to step 2.
Yea,  it sucks that you were left unread but I wouldn't say there's no chance based on these two interactions and your brief conversations with them.   You're still young and in college, and around plenty of people who would be eager for social interaction as soon as the pandemic is over.  Just let yourself recover for now and try again.   Though I would say not to block them or expect them to respond immediately.  Sometimes,  it may take a while.
Approximately 3.8 billion women in the world, 2 of them didn’t accept you on Snapchat fast enough (one you gave only 24 hours) and that makes you think you are going to be alone your entire life? Please consider adjusting your expectations.
Bro, you're doing good. Who knows what reasons those 2 didn't answer your snap, but your strides are great. KEEP MOVING FORWARD. Only thing you should do is don't be quick to block them or show these feminine (lack of a better word) behaviors. Keep talking to girls, ask for their contacts, and most importantly, keep doing your thing. Don't give up. And what the other poster said, be casual with them at first. Saying stuff like "I had fun talking to you, let's hang out soon" is moving way too fast.
> This has happened twice in a row and I’m in so much pain mentally that I honestly think I’m gonna end up alone forever.  Twice and you are giving up?  > She was literally exactly my type physically.  Doesn't sound like there is room to be having a type...
I am also 20, but I wouldn't give up just yet tbh. 20 is still very much young, so it isn't completely hopeless. I'd start worrying once you hit your 30s
It's a numbers game my dude. Just hit the field. Feign confidence and move past it if they don't accept you. With how many women there are in the world, there are 1000s for which you are exactly their type. You just gotta play the field to find them.
You’re so young!!! Maybe you’re just a late bloomer. I’ve seen not so attractive guys get hot girls after college. Keep going.
Yeah I am 20 and pretty same. It is really sad that I have to experience life all alone. I would kill myself if god says me I won't have anyone in my life in future. Life is terrible if you are experiencing it all alone. I can understand you bro. But we are still young. Btw I can't even talk with a girl in face to face you are much more better than me.
I kinda just wandered into this sub but dude you’re only 20. Me and most of my friends ended up having our first real relationships in our mid 20’s so it really isn’t time to be labeling yourself as forever alone. I did the same thing as you and all it did was hurt my self-esteem more than it deserved.
Lucky you have classes at least. I'm 20 and wasting my youth by staying home all day with online classes, this so depressing, there's no chance for me to even meet a girl let alone be in a relationship. I've never been so down in my whole life.
Looksmax and play the number game
That's totally right, you don't start a convo with a girl you barely know that way,,,,you show her directly thats you thirsty and weird.
No didn’t ask them to hang out in person. I asked them to hang out through text after having talked to them in person.
Only 24 hours? Omg 24 hours definitely isn’t long at all.
ok so should i delete the message then if it was too forward?
All my classes are online too :( I don’t know how to meet any new girls either with school clubs being closed and campus being dead.
When you say let’s hang out I think the assumption is in person. If you are already planning to text them or something just start the conversation
Long enough for you to make 9-10 posts about a girl you met yesterday and asking if she's ghosted you. Stop asking girls out after 1 conversation and calm your ass down.
Just move on and learn from your mistakes. It sounds like you can approach women in a confident manner that some women  like and appreciate. Getting their WhatsApp is a good first move, don't ask them to hang out, let them make the next move by contacting you.
Exactly. I was planning to ask a girl from my class to come study with me in a coffee, but there's a new lockdown here. I'm jealous of school kids, even with the lockdown all of their classes are still presential, I wish I was at school again. I never had a gf in my life, and I have no idea how I will have one if everything is closed, I had a hard time meeting girls before let alone now. By the time everything returns to normal I will be even older and single girls will be even rarer.
Ouch but 100%. Wasn't sure we were allowed to be honest on this sub.
Shes the resident badass.
[${URL}] https://i.imgur.com/UevcfkA.png

“Boyfriend for sale”  - free of price - requires food and love.  - someone please take me.
I get about as much love as the White crayon
Maybe it's because of FA but I feel the emotion in this picture. You begin to plead that you want a girlfriend. It's not even about the sex but the love. I was deprived of that for so long that I thought of literally hanging a sign at work like this. Obviously I wouldn't but it would be something I just want to literally beg for.
😢
I feel like crying just reading the 'please love me'. It hits so close home
At this point I don't even need a gf. Just someone who asks about my day with enthusiasm and just cares for me. I'll be satisfied with just this much. Apparently these days sex is easier to find than that above mentioned someone.
yes, definitely
Yes.
I should put that sign up too
Boyfriend-Free Girl
Press F.
Yes, I'll take love from anyone. Even if it's fake. Even if it's just pretending. I'll take it
Me too thanks
Too bad there is no benefit for the girl
I dont know if im going to have a girlfriend
Drink your sorrows away!
Love doesn't exist
same lol but I don't require food, I would gladly took care of cooking
I feel you, that is something so enticing sometimes.  And basically it is the offline version of tinder 😂😭
After some point, you stop caring about it and learn to live with what you are.
“...I thought of literally hanging a sign at **WORK** like this...”   For some reason I have a hard time believing that ....so damn funny.
There's a little Chris Chan in all of us.
F
Love exist bro but yeah it also doesn't exist at the same time
Me too
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ky48ah/does_anyone_feel_like_youre_a_character_in_a/
Like the person playing your character is trying to get your misery meter as high as possible without reaching the very top (game over). Every time you get too close to the top, your player does something to increase your "hope" stat, which lowers your misery level, or your "cowardice" stat, which increases your max misery level.  \-A wild normie appears  \-Wild normie attacks with platitude barrage:  \-"You just need to lift bro", "Looks don't mean anything", "Have you tried taking a shower?"  \-It's highly ineffective  \-KHHV flees the battle  \-Confidence decreases by 10 points  Achievement: "Rock Bottom: Your character has reached an all-time low!"  You have unlocked a new ability: self-harm
Well, I have felt that we are in like Sims 4000, where God is actually some bored teen fucking around. Wouldn't be surprised if one day a meteor just comes out of no where, or suddenly the pool's ladder disappears. Lol.
Nah, im being played by someone that's trying to get all the endings in a visual novel and my save just happens to be the one where only bad/bland choices are made.
Life?  Yeah, it's a shitty game, paid DLC and all. Its creator is a sadistic piece of shit.
Hardly anything makes me laugh these days, but your post is just hilarious. Thanks
I feel like a protagonist in a game full of assholes
I feel like im teenager in anime who constantly playing video game and never leaves house nor talk to people for days
Yea! It’s just too bad that person playing myself is myself.
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees.  Please refer to: *Riaru Onigokku,* (or *Tag*) [Japanese horror film] for my thoughts on that.  I personally do not want to watch and absorb that kind of imagery but...what I do instead is read a summary.  And I'm like, yep, that's it, that's the violent purgatory of a world I have known.  Now to simply figure out how to "win the game" and stop being somebody else's pawn.    Japanese horror.  It's just so relatable.
I mean we’ve already got the worldwide raging virus.
I'm glad I was able to bring a little bit of joy to your day.
I guess that's another way to look at it.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxvcrf/what_ive_learned_from_being_a_loser_for_24_years/
I'm 24 (I'm a male for reference) and as the title says, I've been a loser for as long as I've been alive. Growing up I never had any real career aspirations, no real tangible hobbies or talents, a near nonexistent social life, and no self-esteem or confidence to speak of. I kinda just meandered through life playing video games although funny enough I was hopeful that the future would get better.  I can safely say, my future never got better and after high school, it's all been downhill since. My mental health has continued declining and I'm positive my depression and anxiety are at a point where it's crippling. I'm working a crappy, dead end job, I rarely leave the house besides for work, my social life is even more nonexistent, and my life isn't going anywhere. It's safe to say at this point, it's too late to do anything and that I will continue to be a loser for the rest of my life (which hopefully won't be much longer). Hell, I still have never had a girlfriend and I'm still a virgin. How pathetic is that?  I've learned quite a few things from my many years if nothingness such as:  1) People can easily tell you're a loser and will treat you poorly because of it  When you're a loser it's so glaringly obvious that anyone with half a brain can see it. When you're a loser, you're lucky to even be treated as a subhuman. I mean why would anyone WANT to be associated with you? Apparently even being shown basic respect isn't something losers are allowed to receive.  This causes an unbreakable negative feedback loop where you hate yourself more because you're treated poorly, but then get treated more poorly because you're not confident and you don't "love yourself". Anyone who says love and confidence has to come from within is just flat out wrong and had no clue what they're talking about.  2) Luck plays a much larger role in our lives than people want to admit  I'm just going to say this right now, luck DOMINATES our lives. We have very little control over our lives as life just does whatever it wants, whenever it wants with us. We never chose to be born, where we were born, who we were born to, and so much more. Many people don't have a chance in life due to that alone. People talk about success and love to pat themselves on the back claiming they worked their ass off and achieved x, y, and z when in reality they just got lucky and could very easily still be working and not achieve anything which is what happens to most people. Survivorship bias is real folks. Everyone loves talking about the victors, but nobody even remotely considers the victims.  3) Low self-esteem/self-worth affects you in more ways than you might realize.   As I previously mentioned, I've had this issue since I was a child. I have never once in my life, been 100% confident about anything I've done. I literally always question myself and I need external validation to see if what I'm doing is right. The ways this has affected is infinite. I don't feel that I deserve anything positive in life, I give up on things easily just because I don't believe in myself, and mundane tasks suddenly become more nerve wracking because of all the ways you can and inevitably will fuck it up. Hell, just yesterday I wanted to break out crying because I thought I was doing a terrible job just painting a wall.  Sounds comical I know, but this is what happens when you can't muster up any confidence and taking pride in your work is a foreign concept.  4) Being a loser and a failure becomes your identity.  I don't have anything positive to say about myself as a person and anything I talk about regarding myself boils down to my loserdom and how badly I've failed at life. Why would anything work out for a failure like me? Why would that girl be interested in a loser like me? Why would I ever achieve a goal like living alone or packing on muscle when success is something life doesn't want me to have? I literally cannot go a single day without thinking about what a loser I am. It's my identity now and there's no breaking away from that.  5) Nobody actually wants to help you  Everyone loves to say they'll be there for you and are willing to listen when you talk yet they're either nowhere to be found or just immediately push you away when you show even the slightest bit of resistance to their "help". People don't actually care about you, just what they can get from you. They want to feel good about themselves by "helping" and love talking shit about how it's entirely you're fault for not listening and how you're "choosing" to be miserable. Just once I'd love for someone just to listen and not be so goddamn judgmental about it. Anyone who does this needs to just be honest with themselves and others that they don't care and can't be bothered to help a fella down on their luck. Honestly even society doesn't actually care about us and the system designed to help us in our time of need only care about money at the end of the day. I've been nagged at to go to therapy countless times, but I refuse to support that crappy, broken system and a therapist wouldn't care if I live or die.  If you took the time to read this, thank you. It took a lot for me just to write it and I'm currently on the bus heading into work and admittedly I already feel like shit. I know this is a lot to take in, but I wanted to share my perspective with others and also to get my feelings out there. Bottom line is that being a loser isn't something that someone really chooses and it's not a simple choice to go through with to stop being one. It's not a light switch that you can just turn off.  There's SO much going on in my mind every single day and there's just an unfathomable number of reasons why I am the way I am. If anything I hope that people can just be more empathetic toward people down on their luck and focus on support and love rather than ridicule and hate.  I predict that I will still be a loser at 25, then 26, and so on and sorry forth.
Are you me? Get out of my head.
yep, I almost never admit that I don't even try for relationships or friendships because I genuinely have no good qualities. some people just can't fathom that some aren't worth the time, I know i'm not worth the time, I can't offer anything to anyone.  I wish I wasn't me, but I am. Of course when I voice this its just "well maybe because you're to pessimistic." I'm not sure when the truth became pessimistic.
Well, I have nothing to add other than I’m the exact same way as you. The only difference is I’m 21.
30 year old Aspie here, and I absolutely agree.
Damn, I had a strong déja vu like feeling while reading this.. could've been written by me, honestly.   I agree with everything, except point #2 - even as losers, we still have options, sometimes only bad ones, I admit, but still.   Watching some YouTube channels about disabled people helped me realise that, at least.
Same except I'm 42. For what it's worth, a few years ago I finally turned a corner and a switch just flipped and I stopped giving a shit that I'm a loser. It doesn't have to be a negative thing. It's only negative because we think it is, because society has certain paths you're supposed to follow, and if you have a path that strays from the "normal" supposed paths, that's bad and we're taught to feel bad. Fuck that. You have the power to make it just a thing, rather than a bad thing, but it's got to come from within.  It got to me for years, and years, all these thoughts pushing down on me, I'm a loser, this sucks, life is passing me by, all my friends are getting girlfriends, wives, children, careers, lives. LIVES! While I sit at home and play video games because I have no social skills, I'm nervous around girls, have no self-confidence. I drank a lot, a lot a lot but that's not the answer, sadly. I don't know what happened, maybe it was just, my brain couldn't take it anymore, and it gave up blasting me with sadness and regret and all that, it said fuck it, I'mma do my life my way, I'm done feeling shitty, BECAUSE I CAN'T BE LIKE OTHERS DOESN'T MAKE ME WORSE THAN THEM. It makes me different, that's all.   If you refuse to look down on yourself like society does, "loser" stops having meaning. I'm just doing things my way; no third marriage after ugly divorces, no stupid snotty kids I have to look after, no crippling debts or mortgage, no friends banging exes, no drama, no having to live up to expectations. I'm ... free. It just took me 40 years to embrace it rather than be cut down by it...
I think you hit the nail on the head with pretty much everything. I could have written this exact thing myself. Spooky. My advice is, and I hate to even spout off clichéd talking points, but try to do *anything* about it because I'm 35 and it has only gotten worse with age, and much harder. I really don't want anyone else ending up where I'm at in my life.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8d6cdcNKJRY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8d6cdcNKJRY) Maybe we should aspire to become like this man...
Same, except that i'm 18 and i knew something was wrong with me since i was in kindergarten.
Add four years to your age and you describe me.
At least you know things that people who don’t have to know them don’t know.
Honestly... same, im also 24 and i wish i could just go live in a cabin in the middle of nowhere, no society=no expectations. And if the whole of 2020 taught me anything is that i really don't need as much interaction with people as i thought.
For a "loser" you seem to be very capable at writing a post that is well written. You obviously are intelligent and self-aware. You come across as someone who has under-achieved in life so far, possibly through lack of self-esteem.
> It's safe to say at this point, it's too late to do anything and that I will continue to be a loser for the rest of my life (which hopefully won't be much longer).   Don't say that dude. It isn't worth to commit suicide.   I don't agree  with your second point. Does luck help? Yes. Does everyone have it? Yes, some more, some less. Is it the end all be all? No.  You can set goals everyday that seem achievable and won't overwhelm you. It can be walking, some other exercise, reading x pages from a book everyday, etc. Anything really. At the meantime you can set some midterm and long-term goals that apply to you. Maybe College if there's something you are interested in and can afford it. You're still 24.  If you have any addiction, try and quit it. The first step is recognizing it.  Get a hobby. It will make you something to concentrate on in your free time.  As for making friends, i don't know. The few friends i have made happened spontaneously, though i'm only 18 and this is expected. I know it's harder to get them as someone ages.   I know this is just generic advice, but i can't think of anything else. Remember: you have nothing to lose. Only to gain.  Take care.
Learned long ago that truly good people are very rare and so I just avoid ever getting close to anyone after seing how most people are once tou get to know them.
In my experience people are ok with spending time with you if you are attractive and happy with yourself.
Is it really so bad to live life as a loser though? If you're not willing to fight it or change it, then why not be content with it? And on that note, if you ever need someone to be a loser with, just hmu. Actually, feel free to hit up any of these losers here, because I'm sure none of us have anything better to do. You have friends here dude. Don't forget that.
Yep. Also me too. Same age same thoughts..
Same..i gave up trying anymore.
I pray i can be like this, being judged kills me.
What a masterpiece
same here mate, i'm 17
I'm 18, but likewise, same thoughts, except I don't agree entirely on #2. As much as luck plays a huge part in our lives, even as losers, we still have a choice. Attitude is a big part of the problem (at least in my experience), I feel like maybe I'd get somewhere If I forced myself to not be me, but I don't have enough balls/attitude/knowledge to do so.
Your personality is also mostly a game of chance - it depends on how you were brought up. If a random guy who lived some thousands years ago and happens to be an ancestor of yours had made different decisions, maybe you'd end up being born in a better place, who knows?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kyb8ne/feel_like_the_only_person_in_the_world_right_now/
Might not be the best place for it but here goes  My now ex gf got her stuff the other day, she binned me out of the blue by text when we were saving for a house so that sucks donkey dick. She left me a spliff as she has loads and what have you so I took the opportunity to smoke it seeing im off work for a few days.  After getting high, I am now painfully aware I have not left the house in 3 days, I haven't spoken to another human in longer, and I miss her more than anything. Had a few panic attacks since I can't see my friends or family, and know I will never meet anyone like her in my life who treated me like she did. She was my home and now I'm adrift.  Its 3am here and I feel like I'm the only person in the world.
Breathe in, take a deep breath out.   Now, assess your surroundings. A relationship is over and she is gone. Mourn her and take your time. That is fine and healthy. What is unacceptable is deciding your own future and that she is the best you can get. Do you have a crystal ball? Can you send me the winning lottery numbers? If not, take another breath.   You have this experience now. The good and the bad and you can likely find someone again, with some luck and work. Be thankful for that and look to the future
He had experience before her and this was a 2 year relationship. He's going through a normal heartbreak. It sucks, but he just needs more time. It's only been 2 months.
Yes, he just needs to give himself some space
OK so I can't even remember posting this. She wascmy first adult relationship and the first person I've met since ivfinished uni 5 years before. I guess that's why my weed addled mind thought it was a fluke. I fell like I've mourned for an age, longer than I'm 'meant' to and I should be over it all by now but as time goes on I just feel worse and worse. I'm sure lockdown isn't helping matters since I live alone. I'm a key worker so I get to see all the people I hate at work. I'd like to go back to 'normal' before my ex but I far from happy then too
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kye0vx/im_confused_about_how_i_feel_about_my_friend_i/
May not be a traditional FA, but close to it. I need advice since I’m single and lonely. Thanks in advance   This post is about my sweet and wonderful friend and it's hard for me to put it into words but I'll try to. I just don't know how she'll feel if she sees this. I hope she feels the same way if she sees this, please.   So this friend of mine is one of the kindest and sweetest people I know. We became friends in high school and it's been a few years and we've been busy in our lives. Other people I've lost touch with but  I don't want to lose contact with her. She's just one of those people I value and care about a lot. The problem is, I'm shy and generally awkward. A few summers ago, we played tennis a lot. And I think she wanted to hang out and get some exercise but I was having some drama with my tennis friends and I think she stepped in so I had someone to play with. I just don't know, but I do know that she's nice enough to do that so if that's the case I wouldn't be surprised. Thank you, that meant a lot. Over the next few years, we just immersed in our own lives. Kept in touch here and there, with me reaching out - but she reached out as well. Last year, I said we should catch up (beginning of 2020) and I felt that she brushed it off. Then the pandemic happened. I texted her a few weeks ago and told her I missed her friendship, and that I wanted to be friends with her. I laid it out and wanted to be clear about our friendship. She said we just drifted apart because our friend group kind of dispersed but that me texting her and checking up on her made her day (maybe she was just being nice).   \*Disclaimer\* I've had a massive crush on her that went away over time once I got into a relationship in 2019. After my breakup in 2019, I haven't had any feelings like that for her.  Fast forward to recently:  We hung out today and did an outside activity socially distanced. I am nowhere as fit as her but I didn't care, it was nice catching up. But I just don't know what's going on in my brain. We've been friends for over 4 years and I'm confused about everything. Like we have drifted apart a bit and it took a bit of reaching out, but it's like we started off where we left. Our friendship just feels natural. When I'm around her, I want to be a better person, I want to watch my language, my shyness goes away and I say hi to everyone (I'm really awkward and shy so I don't always do that). She's so kind, sweet, and helpful. She's smart, caring, and just fun to be around. She's not like anyone I've talked to. She's beautiful for sure, but more than her outer beauty, I value her personality. Her personality is stunning. She is the type of person you can grow with, reflect with, and learn so much from. And I personally feel that I can give back the same energy. I have felt that with literally less than 3 people so far in my life, and she's one of them. We have some differences in culture and religion, but that honestly does not bother me. Like with anyone, it would be tough, but when I'm with her it goes away. I'm a vegetarian and I would generally prefer someone who doesn't eat meat (I can't stand the smell), and today we were talking today about it. She says she doesn't eat meat that frequently at college, but it's tough for her to not eat meat at home because of just what they make at her house. She said she sees herself being a vegetarian (which is kinda dope). Another problem is that I'm applying to jobs and because of our program lengths being different, she's in college. Also, my parents think she's a great person and ask how she is etc. Chances are, I'll move away and she'll be where I am living rn or close by. So I just don't know. She's wonderful. What do I do? Do I keep this to myself?
I don't see a relationship here and if you want to keep the friendship you're going to somehow let go of these feelings. There are the religious and cultural differences. If either of those are important to her it's a no go. If it's important to her family it's probably a no go too. You tried to reach out before the pandemic, where everyone has struggled, and she really didn't have a problem with having distance between you and brushed you off. Although she did reach out to you over the years it seems like you are saying you made more of an effort to keep in contact. It sounds like you were more important to being part of the entire friend group than a personal friend. She sounds like a really nice person. A good caring person that is also very attractive. She is going to have every guy after her. I am not calling her shallow or anything, but she has a lot more options than a potential long distance relationship that she didn't seem to put much thought into maintaining even as friends let alone more than that.
Your advice makes sense and is logical, it broke my heart but it’s the truth. I agree with the not keeping in touch part. Also the cultural points makes sense. But the thing is she’s been single for the last 4 years. So I don’t think she’s having guys running after her or anything. She’s very selective and even if that were the case it’d be tough. Yeah I’m just unsure if I wanna out everything on the line. Thanks for the help
It sounds like she can afford to have high standards and wait it out for the perfect guy if that is what is important to her. Maybe she is asexual, aromantic, or whatever the case may be. The guys are there if she is an attractive nice girl. Her not discussing it with you or wanting them means nothing. Do you even know if you share the same goals and wants in life besides valuing vegetarianism? Do you want the same life? I saw in your post history that you have a lot of complicating issues like your visa status and graduating as well. You could go home and not be allowed to reenter. There are many more issues than does she like you too. I would think about those things very hard before making a decision, because telling her could very well end your friendship. You started to have a crush again and nothing more.
In honesty, you’re sounding a bit rude. I can afford to have high standards too, I’m not a horrible person. The reason I’m seeking out a potential relationship with her is because I think we are good people who may have more in common than vegetarianism. We hiked for over 2 hours and were talking the whole way. It went well. I know her, despite she hadn’t discussed it with me, I went to school with her and she only had 1 bf 4 years ago so I know she’s not asexual and the other things you brought up. Yes my life is not exactly very stable but it isn’t my fault and I’m sure she would understand. People who aren’t my friends have. I have worked very hard, basically done college and grad school in 4 years and I plan on getting a good job first before making my life more uncertain. You bring a good point about the whole uncertain thing so I’m going to keep talking, get a feel for where she is, and then go from there
It's not rude to say she may have high standards and can afford to wait for the right guy when you made the claim that guys aren't chasing her because she had 1 bf that you know about. Your observations are not her factual life. She could have 50 guys asking her out a day. I never said you weren't a good person or a worthy partner. What l said is that she sounds like a desirable girl as a partner and that will get her a lot of options that don't have these added problems you are facing. All of your life circumstances matter to a potential partner. You're not asking her to be an understanding friend to not judge them. You are asking any potential partner to make those issues their own and impact their own future. There's a huge difference between we can be good friends and let me entangle my life with yours on an intimate level.
Ok, thanks
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ky3h2c/scrolled_through_rweddingplanning_and/
I'm literally crying right now  Can't believe I won't ever get to have any of that
Why would you do that to yourself?
You’re 17 ffs
[deleted]
You're apparently 17. Getting married at such a young age would cause a huge host of problems. Live your life first, discover who you are as your own person, don't let a relationship define who you are.   That said I feel your pain. 28 year old male who can't seem to do anything right in regards to women. Because me being who I truly am isn't good enough apparently, but I don't feel like conforming and becoming someone else just to get laid.
17. You're still a kid, focus on yourself for the meantime.
F the weddings AND the rings, I'd just like to know what it feels like for someone to want to spend their lives with me. Every single dude I've been with took advantage of me in one way or another. I don't even know what it feels like to actually be loved.
I'm a bit older, and an ex-FA. I've learned that life takes a lot of unexpected turns. You seem to be in a rough spot right now, but don't worry, things might change for the better. Sometimes they don't, but odds are in your favor. Also, fantasizing is fun, even without a *real* face on your fantasy-fiancee.
Honestly it’s better to be alone than to get married.
(Not OP) It's a legit question, but for some reason I love to dive into the pain. No idea why. Maybe because it makes it easier to finaly give up? Like, I still got hope but I wish I didn't.
Yeah but everyone else my age has already lost their virginity meanwhile I haven't even ever been asked out or had my first kiss. I'm old enough to know that I'm FA
I don't want to get married now or even in the next 5 years lmao I just mean that since I'm FA I won't ever have any of that   And yeah I don't want to have sex and hook up I just want a loving relationship :(
I'm 17 and I can say with confidence that a good chunk of people our age are still virgins myself included.
Ofc your feelings are absolutely valid. It's ok to feel sad, especialy when everyone around you is making progress faster. But idk, I wouldn't say that not being kissed at 17 is already game over. Plenty of the girls I know actualy never had a bf till they were 20+.   I assume you are kinda shy and not that social? I know it's easier said than done, but you should try not comparing yourself to these people around you. They just live life on higher speed than you, but that's ok. Your time might still come.   I don't wanna invalidate your feelings, just want to encourage you to keep your hopes up for at least some more time. Not everyone here actualy remains FA, and the youngest have the highest chances of escaping. There's still some opportunities awaiting you, and lots of time till your lack of experience becomes a red flag.
Im 17 too (male) and i've never asked anyone out, been on a date, kissed anyone and im a virgin. i would say over half of 17 year olds are virgins. do not trust what people say. i can say with confidence that many people lie about their sex life at our age. you need to remember that you've got your whole life in front of you. you dont need to even think about getting married now. for crying out loud, you're not even old enough to do a lot of things. just remember that everything will work and the time will come, I can guarantee it. think positive.
I've never even dated anyone though or held hands
I'm 18 and a virgin. I don't really care too much yet. I know people older than me who are virgin too. And not religious btw.
Good advice bro focus on bettering urself at this age tbh
Same here I've never even been hugged lol
what? don't your parents and friends hug you?
Parents don't hug and I don't have friends
oh man i am so sorry. i know internet friends aren't the same at all but if you want someone to talk to, we could be friends!
If you want to lol don't feel forced
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ky4b19/after_so_many_failed_relationships_so_much_wasted/
I'm 35, I don't think I'm a terrible looking guy, I think I have a great personality, I have a lot to offer and I get along with just about everyone. Maybe that's not enough or something I'm not seeing about myself is seriously flawed with me.  For whatever reason the past almost decade has been an absolute waste from a dating perspective, I keep dating cheaters, liars and manipulative women. It's hard not to compare yourself to your peers, your friends are all married, seemingly in a stable relationship with good people. The sinking feeling I get, while I'm happy for them and I truly am blessed to be able to witness their growth and prosperity; leaves a hollow feeling of loneliness and sorrow.  I guess forever alone is subjective, at the end of these relationships though, I always end up alone. At some point, either I lower my standards or I just give up. I think I'll choose the latter, I'll get a cabin in a small, desolate town and live the rest of my days there, at least then the only person who will disappoint me is myself. Sometimes being in a relationship just isn't worth it especially when this keeps happening time and time again, feeling inadequate, alone, lonely and like you're simply not worth sticking around for. It's almost as if these people never truly choose you, they let you stick around for a bit then ask you to remove yourself from the preemies even though you helped build that house. I have a deep seeded feeling I'm going to end up alone for the rest of my life. I'm just tired of not being enough.
You get dates? Whoa!
> I keep dating
Bro im 22 years old and i know how you feel ive been in dating site etc and also in real life yeah ive met a couple of girls and they gave up on me bro im thinking to get on with my life and cope with these, im not sure if im going to have a family or a girlfriend soon. i have no control of these things im a shut neet most of the times i just play video games and watch movies or anime on netflix to burn time. I feel depressed when im imagining my self with the girl i really like that i have her and there's nothing to worry about but when reality kicks in it's almost feel like im better of dead than living alone in my whole life. Im not yet successful i canmot find my purpose :(
I’m 43 and feel the same way. Sounds like you recently got burned and you are riding the hopeless misery train?  I totally hear you. A lot of people in this group suffer from a totally absent love life. Others wander in because they have situational loneliness following a hard breakup, which repeats itself again and again. I wonder which is worse. Not downplaying a struggle to get a romantic partner by any means. I’m sure that’s a unique feeling. Being a decent looking guy with a good personality and yet failing over and over again is a pain all its own. The thought of getting back into it again after I get stung over and over makes me ill thinking about it. The idea of someone not having my back all the time and listen to me talk about my day is equally as painful. Guess I’ll ride it out for a bit and lay low and hopefully feel differently someday. The saying “better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all” is BS. To those reading this who have never experienced the crushing despair of being discarded by someone who you have intertwined everything about yourself with, you don’t know what you have dodged. But, I say this under severe duress.
I went full MGTOW around 35 and gave up dating...got back into it about a year ago and had a dismal relationship that ended in total failure. All of my relationships go down in flames, man. Sucks, I hear you. I'm amazed when people move in together and then get married. I've never gotten to the point of moving in with a girl, just daydreams and plans. Always goes astray.
This is not the forum for you.
Yes but some of them left me cheated on me. And ive been stubborn too i also cheated and i left the girl who cared for me for too long i dont want to hurt her any longer i have no feelings for her anymore is that bad bro? And now i think life is going to be tough on me because of what i did :( i just need advice from a real guy
I personally agree that it is in fact worse to have loved and lost unless the growth amounted to something and you got a happily ever after with love after. Otherwise, I would rather have remained oblivious to the pain of false hope. Heartbreak when you truly loved the person is agony that I wish nobody has to go through.
>better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all  I do not think this is a BS at all. It is a necessity.
Okay gate keeper.
You may want to check out /r/relationships. We are all losers here.
It's called FOREVER alone for a reason.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxx1g1/a_summary_of_my_life_till_date/
So, I'm a 24 year old lad, never had a gf, virgin and my parents aren't really emotionally supportive too. Life in general feels irritating and lonely. The only bit of social life I had in University ended months ago, friendships are starting to fizzle out with the passage of time.   My childhood was pretty terrible actually. I was always beaten by my dad even for the most trivial things and that fucked me up hard. I became an introverted guy and  at the age of 15, I fell in love with a girl but dad somehow came to know about it and told me he would "beat the crap out of me" if I didn't stop loving & caring about that person.   Later, in high school, I got bullied by some girls after I was elected as a "Class Prefect(someone who manages the class in absence of the teacher)" as they told the teacher that a "short guy" like me wasn't fit enough to manage others.   Now I'm 24, I recently completed my Masters degree in Journalism and Mass Communication and I'm working as a blogger too. Dad stopped beating me up some 7 years ago but he still emotionally blackmails me, tells me that I should never pursue a girlfriend, never marry and remain alone all my life. I don't get why he says such stuff as ironically he used to be a casanova when was at my age.   I felt like sharing this as I was feeling pretty depressed and alone today and I needed to get this off my chest. I don't know how many will see this but if anyone sees this and feels like sharing their own problems you're more than welcome to share your story with me.   P.S - Sorry if my post was long and if you read it till this paragraph, then thank you from the bottom of my heart. A big hug to everyone.
Hey pal  19 soon to be 20 male here  Abusive mother with bad mental health,bullying and divorced parenths  An already introvert personality  Kind of fucked me too when it comes to forming emotional bonds,i have no issue talking with people,but i cant bring myself to form anything beyond filler and superficial chats  Combined with interest in long term relations instead of hook up culture (young girls dont wsnt to be tied down so early) kind of make difficult any romantic prospect  You aint alone,hope you do fine
hey dude, why are you still in touch with ur dad if i may ask?
Just wanted to say it's impressive you've achieved as much as you have academically with that sort of upbringing. Truly wish you well and hope you reach a point in your life where you have the means to move away from your dad.
*"  Dad stopped beating me up some 7 years ago but he still emotionally  blackmails me, tells me that I should never pursue a girlfriend, never  marry and remain alone all my life. I don't get why he says such stuff  as ironically he used to be a casanova when was at my age. "*  He thinks that it might push you to do the opposite. No joke.
You seem to be a younger version of me brother.
I'm an Indian bro, so I literally live with him.
Thank you for the kind words brother. I hope one day, I'll attain freedom and peace.
Nah he's dead serious when he says that, I swear.
Different parenths  Brothers by instinct pal  Tho at least one girl liked me in high school,never turned into anything serious given my sheer social retardness  Is been 3 years since i left for college  Still talk to her,great girl and great friend Would be lying if i said i dont still hold feelings for her  God knows what the hell she saw on me but im still thankful
fuckk, thats tough. i don't know how it works in india but hopefully one day you can leave him and go start a life somewhere away from him
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxuusk/i_had_no_luck_with_getting_any_tinder_matches_so/
70 likes in 6 hours.  Guess my only option is to turn gay or trans.
So that's 70 guys who will be wondering why you're not messaging back. It's Tinder. A lot of the women on there won't be using it with genuine intentions just like you weren't when matching these guys.  It takes a lot of time (longer if you're not paying premium), profile tweaking and a huge slice of luck to do well on Tinder. It's a disappointing experience for a lot of guys.
Considering its a popular tactic for some guys to swipe right on every profile, is this really surprising? Depending on the area you live in, this may be more or less extreme.   I'm no expert on LGBTQ but I'm pretty sure you dont just decide to be gay. No need to be insensitive on that.
What do you mean by shadowbanned
Yeeeaaahhh boi suck that dick
I doubt paying premium is going to change a lot. I never tried, a friend of mine has. He didn't recommend it, so I guess his experience wasn't that positive.
I've been on Tinder and Bumble for an entire year almost to the day at this point. I have gotten 0 matches. Technically I got 2 but it was because they accidentally liked me.   It really fucking sucks. I've tried tweaking my profile based on recommendations, using different pics, using boosts, paying money, nothing helps. It's basically destroyed any miniscule shred of self-esteem/confidence I have.
Looking through some of these matches I’m convinced I’m using it correctly, or at least highly above average. Mirror selfies and blank profiles everywhere.  And I matched with none of them by the way, just saw them in my queue. So get outta here with your false narrative saying i’m as bad as women.
Tinder might secretly ban users who score too low on their attractiveness algorithm or get too many reports, basically making sure they never show up on anyone’s queue. But they won’t outright ban you otherwise you’d know to make a new account.
I've heard that too but I've also seen guys on here say that it boosts you up the list although I don't know if that's true.   It definitely depends on where you live. Here in the UK, if you're in a remote part or small town, you might as well stand outside your home wearing a sandwich board advertising for a girlfriend than use standard. For me I'd have to use the passport feature on premium so I can change my location to London if I'm to have any hope.
Credit to you for going as long as you have. I'm aiming to give it about a year too but, like you say, it kills your self esteem to get zero matches so I can't be certain I'd make it that long.   I've never tried bumble but have linked below to a thread that's a goldmine for advice on how Tinder works:  https://np.reddit.com/r/dating/comments/6q7lva/im_getting_0_matches_on_tinder/  The one I've heard repeatedly is that if you're getting zero matches and wanna tweak your profile make sure that you delete your account first and start fresh from a new Facebook account.
So what were the 70 likes in 6 hours you received? Did you actually mean you saw 70 guys in your queue? I didn't say anyone was bad. Just pointing out the reality of what Tinder is.
When I used my travel and work photos it actually gets me less matches.  It's almost as if it either looks tacky (wearing a suit) or women are quick to be envious / whatever if the guy is socio-economically higher than them?  I find I did better on profiles where I only have selfies.     Likewise I seem to get more matches when I involve animal photos or talk about animals but noticeably the conversion into sex seems lower doing that.
Ahh ok I didn’t know this about tinder. I mostly stay away from there and stick to FB dating right now. Seems to be better results.
Would all those gay matches boost your attractiveness rating?
I didn't try using a new Facebook account, but I have remade my Tinder profile before. Maybe I'll try it using a new Facebook account.
Hmm, seriously? If that’s the case you should do a writeup on what works and what doesn’t, I’m interested and I’m sure others would be as well.
Well I never did an empirical study of: "1,000 swipe experiment" on this.  But I noticed this awhile ago that anytime I went heavy on travel photos it just never got me that many swipes.     It's almost as if online dating is 100% "face only" (you need clear closeup selfies) for a lot of women seeking men.      Likewise for all the women who write: "I love to travel" 99% of them actually never did or are counting some trip from 8 years ago.  I'm a DN and trust me I would love an international travel companion but I can't find any.
For someone who has no empirical data, just your own limited experiences. You sure are making conclusions as if you did the experiments.   It could depend on numerous factors from geography to age range and so on. Cause my experiences directly contest yours. Most people in this area are well traveled, usually due to a study abroad course and most of the women have aspirations of a good career and look for a guy that is similar.
What’s a DN?
r/digitalnomad
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxlfcl/is_it_bad_im_turning_30_and_still_never_have_a/
Is it bad? I'm turning 30 this January 20, and still never have a Girlfriend.. No body likes me, when I was in College and Highschool, I tried asking a girl for a date but I got rejected so many times, That I've been depressed for so many years. I always put a fake smile when I heard that some of my classmates in high school are getting married. My cousin and relatives asking me, Why I didn't have a girlfriend yet. I can't answer them. Maybe because I don't smoke? or do drugs?. I really don't know what's happening in my life. I'm questioning my Life, What is my purpose here. Do I need Help or Cry endlessly..
You get a wizard hat. When I turned 30, I became desperate and tried to use online dating to not become a wizard. It didn't work out.
38 Virgin here. Never had a girlfriend, never kissed, hugged , touched  female special part & defiantly haven't seen a naked woman IRL.  Reason: disability.
I'm about to turn 30 too. Its over for both of us. At this age, females want a man with experience. And if you don't have experience, then others will think that something is wrong with you and will further alienate you.
I also turned 30 last year and still don't have a girlfriend.  It's honestly not much worse than it's been my whole life, but of course, not better either.  As far as your friends from high school getting married, the best advice I can give is just delete Facebook.  I deleted my FB many years ago and its one of the best things I've ever done for my mental health.  No need to hear about all the beautiful people getting married.  Attractive people don't really need to work for anything in life, success is always handed to them on a silver platter, whether its a job, relationships, or anything else.  Those people live life on very easy mode, we live life on hard mode.
> I really don't know what's happening in my life. I'm questioning my Life, What is my purpose here.   I'm in the same boat but I'm four years younger. Maybe four years seems a lot of time, but they go by quickly and nothing will change. Soon I'll 30. Then quickly 40 and so on (if I manage to stay alive) I also ask myself what's the purpose, what's the reason. Just to see every body else falling in love, getting married and find someone to share life with, while I'm just destined to observe and mourn the fact that I'll never get that?   What's the point in living if you're only suffering?
super off topic but why do u capitalize Random Words like that lmao are u german?
Damn dude. If depression is a big damper, get medications. I was on Zoloft for 11 months or more actually, and it helped stabilize. In moments when i would usually overthink and cry, i would instead just feel myself hitting a limiter and then my mind would b like welp ok then, time to watch more youtube. I hope u have some hobbies to turn to, even if its somethin dumb or unproductive like gaming. I wish u the best. Get on dating apps, but dont stress about them. Workout, go for runs, go for hikes. Read philosophy (Camus and Fernando Pessoa's Book of Disquiet) are really good, but im not a learned man who's read a bunch. 30 is still young when you think our grandparents/ parents are living to 80 reliably, and with modern science you may reach 130+ lol. Dont let that be daunting. Just work your life towards little things you can be proud of. I wish u the best, and i believe in you big brother
I'll be 29 this year so I'm not far behind.  I can at least take pride in that I've tried. Not my fault I'm unwanted for whatever reason. Be it being ugly as fuck or shit personality.
Happy early birthday!
Can’t you find a woman in the same situation?
I dunno what the official definition of "forever alone" is, but I dated a lot of women in my 20's, and seeing them now 34, 35 and getting married and buying houses is mind blowing. Fucking sucks, I feel like I got left behind to rot.
>yes, I'm not from US, but from south east asia
Getting the sense the guy does not speak English as a first language.
I tried. I liked one of the girls that was good looking but was disabled in her left arm. But she got married to a rich dude. Disabled women want healthy men to take care of them, not the otherwise.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxgwot/i_just_called_myself_a_fing_losser/
I just called myself a f\*\*\*ing losser, infront of my parents, because Im almost 22 years old, and I havent  achieved anything in my life,no friends, no gf etc, they just laughed, and went to sleep.
Damn that's some quality parenting
So then don't do it  Don't indulge their questions asking you to justify your existence, lack of relationships, etc  Put it here or keep it to yourself  Don't give people that failed you power over you
Haha this is exactly what I did when I was 23 which was last year. Broke down crying on the floor and realized how much of a loser I am. Hope it gets better for the both of us.
U made them uncomfy. Parents grew up in different times, everything was easier. Sure they couldn't play vidya games or b addicted to smartphones, but thats part of the issue. They didn't have to care about how well they were doing relative to their peers, cause maybe they saw someone they knew once a year at a grocery store. Girls didn't have the massive easy attention that they can get now. If your dad worked a minimum wage job, it was drastically easier to save up for college and still have fun money. Disconnect yourself from them bro. They provide free housing ezpz. Read philosophy, watch cringey ass Youtube motivational videos until you start to believe it. If you have a job, go to the gym afterwards. If its a physical job, pick up reading or a hobby or just jack off all day. It doesn't matter. Stay on dating apps, dont use them on your phone. Use them on your computer and simply login once a day, swipe your daily swipes and dip. If you dont wanna do that GL and godspeed babe
i told my parents i want to kill myself and they didnt care LULW
You should move out and never talk to them again. Wow.
Get a job and move out. You don’t have parents anymore.
I’ve done the same, my family doesn’t deny it. I am a 28 year old leech with no prospects and no future.  I’ve even gotten the good ‘ol “I knew something has always been wrong with you”. I mean, I know I’m not normal but that one stung a bit.
Sounds like me, but at the age of 28. I wish I can tell you things get better, but that would be lying.
Welcome to the club.   You'd be surprised how common this is.
Not achieving that by 22 isn't great but its not the end of the world. My father had 22 kids by then and all he ended up with was a divorce and child support. Life isn't a game with an end goal, its a process.
type of parenting everyone should look up too, and pass it on to generations down the road.
I was there and it’s the worst feeling, especially when you see some people really making it. But get out with old friends because most of them either aren’t making it or miserable/tired with their corporate jobs. They’re just not posting about it like the extraordinary people. The world is your oyster! Go for what you want.
On the other side of things I dunno what your humor is like but mine is weird and my parents know this. I could say the same thing and they’d laugh Bc they’d think it was a joke.   But just saying in passing you’re a loser in front of someone with no context isn’t really asking for anything. If you want help or advice or comfort you should ask for that instead.   2020-2021 has been weird. The memes are dark. Humor is dark. It’s not far fetched to think this was just some weird off hand “kill me now” type thing.
They just laugh , are you Brown/Asian ?
Also I can imagine it’s hurtful but they’re just numb to how rough the world is, and probably find it humorous because they’ve been there before as well. I’m a mid twenties woman for the record. But everyone feels like this.
Bro im turning 22 this march and i feel you were the same. Seeing other people getting on with their lives and having their dream girl with them is like a fiction for us it's really hard to cope with this world with the society were living.. Im just happy that your strong enough to survive that emotional roller coaster that is happening in your mind. Im fvckng depressed right now but im still here breathing
Especially my dad, he is a joke, If I would tell him, I want to die, he would just laugh.
They deserve a Grammy for their world class parenting skills
The dating app thing, I fucking hate dating apps dude seriously. You go thru hundreds of girls, 99.9% of them totally uninterested in you. Totally at their mercy. But just stop giving a fuck about which stay and which leave. I thought my Gf was gonna unmatch me so i started just speakin the stupidest shit i didn't care about. I was on dating apps for like 2-3ish years man. Daily. Every day, all my swipes. Knowing that either i wasn't being shown to girls, or just that many girls didn't like me. With Covid girls are kinda realizing like "shit being indoors sucks. Not talking to anyone sucks. If i'm ever going to have a life of living with someone, i need 'someone' to being with, not my life in this room tryna show my ass on insta." I believe in you brother. Fall and get back up again thats the way life will be
So, they just ignored it ?
I agree.^^ If nothing else seek some therapy to develop the coping skills you'll need to survive that environment until you can leave. A LOT of people are struggling to find jobs right now. Consistently keep looking but don't be too hard on yourself. No gf? Its okay. You're not the only one. It's tough to find someone at any age and if it takes time that's alright. Hang in there.
Easier said than done, unfortunately. Moving out is hard.
I have a job, But i dont have that much time to work , because im studying.
My mom is a good person, I think she just didnt knew how to react, because i never said that before, meanwhile my dad never showed any love, he is pretty cold person, I have never actually felt love from my father, I think he is just dissapointed of me.
Im starting to accept it, its my faith, and there is not much left I can do, because I have really tried, I have tried many different things to change myself, like gym, being more talkative, joining groups, meditation etc, nothing helps, I am who I am.
I have moved from my country when I was 13, since that day I lost every single friend i had in my country, there is only one "friend" left, we have talked couple times, when I was back in my country for summer holidays, hes enjoying his life, he have a girlfriend etc, I have nothing to offer him, just how deppresed I am of this life, I dont tell that to anyone, I dont want to make anyone worried about me.
There was a very good reason why I called myself a losser,and it wasnt without a context.
Im white.
Yeah, it really hurts, watching basically everyone, partying with friends, having girlfriends  etc, and here I am friendless,kissless dude, heck just a single hug from a girl would make  my mind happy for a week, but its just a dream, Im going to die alone so whatever,I dont really care anymore, couple more years, and Im going to give up on finding a friend or a gf.
What a beast your dad is.
I’m sorry. It is so hard to make friends older, especially being from another country I can’t imagine! I actually have all the same friends from growing up an no new friends really stayed around so I get how hard it is.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxnvmk/jealousy_and_envy_taking_over_my_life/
So I work at a local restaurant part-time that gets quite busy, especially around lunch and dinner time. And what happened today is not exactly unheard of for me, but today I felt like I reached breaking point.  This young couple around my age walked in, and it was made somehow worse by the fact that the girl was just my type. They were pretty much really intimate the entire time - cuddling, laughing and even a few kisses. Just seeing this triggered all those feelings of bitterness and inadequacy in me. I felt literally physically ill and I couldn't even focus on work anymore. I told my manager I was feeling sick and had to go home - I don't think he'd ever believe me if I told him the full story.  I fucking hate this about myself. I hate what I've become. I wasn't always this way - I always felt sad about being FA, but it never used to interfere with my daily life quite like this. I wish I could somehow make these feelings disappear for good, and just get on with the rest of my life. But nope - they are always, always there. I've tried to get in touch with some psychologists but there are never any seemingly available around where I live. Everything just feels so hopeless and bleak right now.  Rant over.
i feel like this alot when i see people who are in relationships who are younger than me and i just think what the hell is wrong with me that i cant get that
Let me share an unfortunate story.   The other day, I was driving and pulled up to a stoplight. As I was pulling up, I saw a guy in another car in the passenger seat  dead-ass punch his girl in the face(she was driving). Sorry I didn't do anything. I looked away because I'm the type to mind my own business. As we were pulling off, I noticed "Just Married" was written on their back window with white shoe polish..... Moral of the story? Things are never what they seem to be. Just because you SEE the cuddles, doesn't mean they are happy.
I'm so sorry  I feel this way a lot myself. It haunts you  OP there will come a time when your sex drive is so dead, you're so ashamed, and you've internalized no longer thinking of yourself as sexual that this won't have the same sting.  You'll just be numb. That's all you can hope for.  Obviously, in a way, it's freeing. Once you give over hope, you focus on other things, and you might even have moments you can experience pleasure - but they'll probably be when you're by yourself, not forced to realize how life denied you happiness that is granted so easily to others.
I work in a supermarket so I know how you feel... seeing those couples is heartbreaking..
I remember reading somewhere that psychopaths could actually consciously realize how people felt despite not having the kind of natural empathy that the rest of us have. Then, upon watching some guy on youtube describe how he was a borderline psychopath and how he made the choice to be consciously aware of the feelings of other people, I decided to try it and to my surprise, it does have a positive effect in your life and in the way you think.  When you really pay attention to the people around you, you become more empathetic because you see what they feel (mostly from their body language and their voice) so, when something like what happened today takes place, you do actually feel happy for them. The thing is, you will realize how people actually feel about you, which can be painful, but also a great way to grow as a person, for you can improve yourself from that "feedback".  I hope you get the point, I am not good with words
I completely get how you feel, and it honestly haunts me as well. Honestly Jealousy, envy as well as general negative emotion has generally taken over my life. It feels weird to be positive at this point.
Have you done anything to improve your situation like the usual working out, dressing better, be outgoing, etc...?
I get really jealous too. I’ve gotten better about it in recent years but I remember being in middle school and seething with envy at the popular/attractive kids. Thankfully I work alone in a warehouse so I never have to see couples.
There's no moral of your story. Abusive relationships full of violence are far from being the norm.
Thank you.  Honestly that feeling feels like it will be a lifetime away right now. In the meantime, I have years of these things to contend with.
I'm not so sure this would work for me tbh. I hate to say it cause it makes me seem borderline sociopathic, but thinking about that would merely elicit more feelings of jealousy.
*groan*
Most likely yes  The reason why someone above you groaned is because "Have you tried *insert idea*"  Sounds like trying to shift the blame on the person experiencing the loneliness rsther than empathizing with them  Wich admitedly sometimes is the case that people are lonely because of their own making,but just much is merely bad luck (your personality doesnt mesh well with the culture of the place you live in or the demographic group you are in,emotional trauma,bad looks,chronic social alwardcy to the point most people feel uncomfotable around you etc)  So this end ups sounding like telling someone that got punched out of nowhere "havent you tried looking less puncheable" kind of insensitive
Normie pre assumptive advice starter pack.jpg
Let me break this down for you:  The OP was saying the couple he saw seemed really into each other. And that may be the case.  I I shared that story to the OP to tell him that what he sees is on the surface. Meaning, just because the girl was his type and everything seemed good between the couple, that doesn't mean there aren't underlying issues (that the OP may not want to have in his life, be he thinks he does because he only sees what's going on, on the surface). Abusive relationship are far from being the norm(but ironically there are domestic abuse hotlines), but divorce isn't(in which the risk of suicide is over twice as likely in men after divorce. University of California). The story is an example of bad shit below the surface. Critical thinking.
Elaborate?
I see and I get it. However, I just wanted to rule out a "no" for sure. "Most likely yes" isn't good enough. I have seen a bunch of average looking guys who don't seem to be at the top of their game, and then complaining that they don't have a chance with women. If they really tried their best, then I can sympathize for their misfortune. If someone is getting punched, then they definitely should be asked the right question of whether they have tried looking less punchable. Hiding that fact isn't going to solve anything. I have seen dudes that look ugly, like a 3/10 kind of ugly, getting with a girl 6/10 or 7/10. This is going back to what you said about bad luck, or whatever. The point is, these ugly dudes are putting in the work and getting chicks. Now I am asking these FA guys whether they have put in the work or not.
How is this normie advice tho. We don’t know much about OP. He could be pretty out of it physically or something. For plenty of people an overhaul on physical health is all it takes.   This should be the starting advice for anyone who is FA. Saying it’s bs is quitting before you begin.
It really bothers me that "normie advice" is shit on so frequently in places like this.   You have a group of people that feel like they're not normal. They want to be normal. You give them examples of what normal people do to improve themselves... "Ohhh that's normie advice". You can either wallow in misery or do something about the situation.
Perfect relationships doesn't exist and bad things happen but that doesn't stop the overwhelming majority of people to pursue them. It's human instinct.
It is normie advice because it is the no.1 default normie response to whenever they hear our situation. Yes, he/she doesn't know about OP, **that is the fucking point**. He/She is just making assumptions based on a completely unrelated topic just because OP is an FA or identifies as one.   No, it shouldn't be the starting advice for anyone who is FA, because you can be a male and female FA. Not everyone will solve all of their issues by benching 500 and putting on a nice pair of jeans. Especially not when the issues are emotional/mental in nature.   Oh I feel envy that other people are happy > answered with "do you workout bro?!"  It is beyond disconnected.
It bothers me that so many people come in here and say the same shit without even giving a thought. OP never mentioned how he dresses, his body weight status, etc. yet people come in here assuming everyone one of us is a cave dwelling troll wearing ripped trousers and stained shirts.   It is demeaning and it is annoying.
I agree. I'm not saying the OP shouldn't pursue them, I'm just giving him something to think about when he starts feeling emotional when he sees another couple.  He has to have really gentle emotions to leave work after sighting that couple.
It's not disconnected. It's just a common first question during the process of elimination.  It's like tech support asking, "Have you tried turning it off and on?" or "Have you tried checking for loose cables?" If OP has tried the basics above, then great. Time to move on and ask something different that will further narrow down the scope of the problem.
Giving that advice is a far cry from assuming someone is a disgusting slob. All the guy asked was if he'd tried it. Everyone could use a little self improvement, even those that aren't hurting. Idk how sensitive you have to be to take something like that as demeaning. Yeah, it's very general advice, but in my experience it actually WORKS
Yeah it's good. I hope people here don't constantly think something like that will happen when the finally get in a relationship. They'll just be filled with anxiety everyday.  Things can also be exactly how it seems to be.
It is completely disconnected, OPs issue is emotional and has to do with his feelings and how they are affecting him.  Asking him if he has tried dressing nicely and working out is not only pointless, but also assumptive in a fairly negative way.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kx7o9i/nobody_has_ever_liked_me_f19_and_its_starting_to/
It's going to sound really stupid, but since 2021 started I've become hyper-aware of the fact that I'll be turning 20 with the knowledge that nobody has ever looked at me and decided that they wanted me—ME. During my early teen years I always thought it would come eventually, but it's like life just doesn't want it to happen. I've gone on dating apps and and talked to guys, but nothing. These nights I've been spending up to two hours crying, looking at myself in the mirror and wondering why I've never had the experiences most girls my age should've already gotten a glimpse into.  Most of my friends are starting to get "picked" by a guy, some with already a handful of boyfriends under their belt, and here I stay in all of my awkward, unlovable glory. No guy has ever held my hand romantically, or flirted with me, or told me he liked me. It hurts and it makes me want to die aaagh I'm so tired of being ugly.  Edit:  Okay, time to address some of the most popular comments  1. "You're still young." Yep, so I've been told. That doesn't make this whole experience any less anxiety-inducing though. And honestly, pointing out someone's age when they're talking about an issue they're struggling with isn't very nice, nor is it necessary.  2. "Why don't you try asking guys out?" Ohhh, I have tried, and at this point I'm already a little too injured to get back into the field haha. Plus, I live in the Philippines, so there's this whole culture of "if she asks you out first, she's *really* desperate" which, fortunately, is starting to fade over time, but still.  3. "How's the rest of your life?" The rest of my life is going really well. Good grades, healthy friendships, I read a lot of books (19th century literature—I love that shit), and I draw too. Socially, I'm not awkward at all (and this is not, by any means, a flex on those who are, because this is not what this post is about). Overall, my life is actually really good, and I'm grateful for all the things and for all the people that are in it right now. For the most part I'm *generally* secure with myself, until someone (or my brain) brings up the topic of significant others and romance, and that all goes down the pooper. People have told me to "love myself first" because "confidence is attractive" but honestly, when I don't hate myself for being so ugly I'm unlovable, I *do* like myself. So explain that, Janice (not a real person).  Anyway, with all the good things going on in my life, I know someone is going to point that out and tell me to "just be grateful", but I still feel like I'm missing out on an experience that a lot of people my age already have had. And this is not me trying to garner your sympathy either (I mean, it's okay, we don't know each other, you are under no obligation to sympathize). My point is that, in spite of all the 'good', all my brain can focus on is the fact that I've never been the recipient of any romantic feelings or gestures, and it hurts so much that at times I swear I'd be willing to trade in half of my intelligence to wake up as a pretty girl the next day.   4. "Weight loss?" I'm 5'1 and 115 lbs hehe I don't think that's the way to go, ma'am/sir.  Edit (2):  I'll be mentioning some questionable eating habits here, so please tread this area carefully.  I forgot to mention this but when I was younger (was overweight), I started starving myself to lose weight to look more attractive to guys. I lost the weight, but now I'm anemic and I have a bunch of stomach issues. Oh my god this is messed up.
Yea welcome to the club. Don't know what else to tell ya.
Welcome to the club. 20M here in pretty much the same situation.
I can really relate to this and i'm sorry it's happening to you :( \*virtual hugs\*
I'm almost 19, i feel the same thing
Hello. I basically passed out after crying last night and I woke up to a lot of you saying you were in the same boat and I'm sorry. I don't know what to say because I feel like I could've written everything you guys just have, with the only exception being the age. I'm so sorry. I wish things were different :(   Edit: To all the guys in my inbox inviting me to "stop being lonely together *wink wink*", I appreciate that but....that's not really what I came for here. At all.
Pretty much in the same place, 29M.
27 M single as long as i can remember, never tried never will, far happier investing in self development.
Join the club at least you’re still relevant take solace in that
I feel like I could have written this, except I’m a year younger than you. No one has ever liked me. I also used to think “my time will come” but now I’m pretty sure it never will. I don’t understand what I did to deserve this, I guess I must just be hideously ugly :(
Exact same situation only I’m already 20
27F here, same thing. The funniest part is that I have told I liked them to every guy that I ever liked, and I always was rejected.
That sucks that you're in this position. Have you considered asking a guy out? I think especially today, guys don't mind being asked out by girls, so you shouldn't feel embarrassed for doing so.
ah yes i was your age when it started affecting me... I never cared that I was single until around 20.... now i am constantly reminded of it (friends all in serious relationships) and it’s so depressing... I don’t have any good advice to make you feel better except for that you’re not alone.... I always thought I was really weird and something was wrong with me because I don’t personally know anyone else in my situation, but this sub helps me realize that it happens to a lot of people
Samesies. I'm going to be 26 this summer, and the few times I've had a girl or guy into me it either turned into a dumpster fire, or they up and left for someone else pretty much at the first opportunity. That's worse than being FA imo. I stay on this sub to try to be positive and uplifting for other people dealing with this, and give advice based on the small amount of experience I do have, and I usually succeed I think. But fuck it just drains me sometimes.
As an Ex-younger guy ...I can say that by 20 I had pretty much given up on asking women out, it just always ended badly for me. What's worse ...I never could tell when a woman was interested in me either. I can't count the times leaving a party or a bar and having a friend say "Dude? What the hell? She was all over you." Yes, I was a dim young man.
It's totally fine that you feel like that because it's true that other girls your age are more "advanced" in this, but when some people told you to not bother because you're young, I believe they mean that the other girls probably had those experiences too early, and you're more normal than you think. But again, it's fine to feel like that, but think, if you had a problem that you can't solve for yourself because you need others to solve it, why worry yourself so much if there's nothing you can do about it, it's useless suffering. And now I want to draw your attention to the fact that relationships (or the lack of them) are not problems because people don't are things to fix or solve, they are beings to love and care for, and even if you don't find anyone to do it with you, don't carry a guilty that is not yours.  I doubt you are so ugly no one is interested in you, maybe you didn't notice, or just are looking in the wrong places for the wrong guys, because when you look you a place that you know you can meet someone that will be more interested in your personality than your body, things are relatively easier. Sorry if it looks like I'm judging you, I want to help you think from a different perspective, but sometimes I'm a little blunt. Anyway, I hope you can find someone, if you want to talk I can share some things I know.
[removed]
I like your pixel art.
Pinoy here at 19M turning 20 soon. I can feel your pain. I just go to the gym 4 times a week to distract myself from these thoughts. :(
27 female and I’m the same. I think it’s too late for me now as I’m old
20M welcome to the club, i don't see myself in relationship in foreseeable future, f for us i guess.
I literally feel identical. I hate the night knowing after I sleep I must wake up and feel miserable again.
I'll tell you what I wish someone had told me at 19:   - WORK, for God's sake. Work on being employable. I feel so bad for you guys. Join college clubs, intern. It's a lot worse trying to date if you're a fucking unemployable failure and broke after college  - Focus on making and keeping friends - in clubs, in internships, in classes. Facebook friend people.   - Don't starve yourself. I did. Now I'm a pot-bellied 30 something at 5'3. You stop growing at 21, I would at least try to get calcium in your diet. I regret it more than words can say. There will come a time where you damage your body so much that by the time you want to fix it, you will either play catchup or have screwed everything up.   - Try an iron supplement for the anemia (I was anemia too)  Don't waste this time.  It's excruciating watching others enjoy their youth but man, it can get worse.    If had been as employable and independent as people in my age group and left college with a few friends and a network, I might still be femcel, but I might be financially independent, have been able to get some surgery...have some self respect.  Sounds like you are on top of that and still want to develop your personality.  "I still feel like I'm missing out on an experience that a lot of people my age already have had." And that's valid.  guessing you're in college.   Here is what I'll tell you - if you work on the other parts of your life, it won't always be this horrible. I miss being with people my age everyday, maybe, but I hated, HATED college. It was impersonal and isolating and other more attractive, sophisticated people were intimidating. I left without a single friend or someone on my wavelength.  You won't always be in a place where you torture yourself comparing yourself to other happier, prettier women. Just don't screw up the rest of your life in the meantime like I did.
You're super young.  There's guys out there for you and alot of time to find them
You are still young
People are incredibly multifaceted so finding someone that likes you for the same reasons you think you're likeable may be difficult sometimes.  A lot of people may not find you desirable sexually but appeal more towards your creative endeavors like writing short scary stories, some people might not care about who you are one bit but find you physically to be the most sexually desirable person at a given moment.  Regardless of that, our desires to be desired are also a bit complicated despite how simple we might think it seems.   It's important to understand what sort of attention you want and the steps you must take to get that, bravery is a must and loving yourself is a big first step towards that journey of growth, both in body and mind.  I hope you find what you're looking for, have the bravery to pursue it and the self-respect to be classy about it.
Yeah you might have to go on the offensive and start asking people out. A lot of guys are receptive to that because it almost literally never happens to average men.  And, 19? 20? No offense but you're still basically a kid. I have just turned 24 and realized that myself. At 19-22 you're still very naiive and a "baby adult." and I'm 100% confident that I'll discover something similar about myself when I am 30, looking back at 24-year-old me. You have plenty of time.   Lastly, I don't know your situation and I don't know what you look like. But weight loss helps confidence dramatically. I'm trying (and now failing... lost 20 pounds last year but gained it back...) to do it myself. I look at pictures of me 100 pounds ago and I'm like. Damn, I could have done something with that if I was social enough. I look at the new, fat version of me and just feel disappointed and highly discouraged.
Life's long
are your classmate also don't show interest at all? or perhaps you went to all girls high school?
I'm so sorry you've had this experience. It sucks. I've had it, too, most of my life. I'm a guy.  Your post is funny and well-written. You're obviously a cool person, with a lot going for you. I wonder if there's a type of guy you're going for, that's making this not work for you? Maybe you should look for bookish guys? They would appreciate you.  Remember that a lot of this is luck, and looks. Try not to make your own looks feel so personal to you. I know that's hard. What I mean is, don't think of your own looks as meaning *anything* about you. And also don't put good looking people on a pedestal, either. Think of looks like weather.
Something to think of is how you're interacting with guys. It sounds like you're either expecting guys to make the first move, or making the first move yourself directly. Have you tried making indirect moves, i.e. using body language or other non-verbal queues to express your interest in a guy?   From the sound of it, the answer is no. If I'm right, try doing a little research into how this sort of thing typically plays out.
I’ve been in the same boat my whole life. Idk if growing up on Disney Princess movies or stuff like that caused it but over time I slowly realized that I’ll probably never get to be someone’s “princess” in that scenario, and it still hurts to think about.. I’m sorry we both have to feel this way :(
Last resort for me is to just become a college graduate, go to university and graduate, bachelors/masters with honors and become a full workaholic. That’s my last resort unless I want to turn to self harm.
18-19 is a post high school dead zone for many. Will probably turn around for you in early 20's. There are TONS of people your age I talk to who haven't dated yet. I didn't start dating until 21. It's not a race, and it's hot something to worry about until 25...28...you are still young.
Some of guys love it when you approach them. You could always try being more proactive about this. At the same time, the rejection from that would hurt a lot. But now you know what it's like to be in our shoes I guess
O don't care anymore, just trying to be happy in others ways
[removed]
Perhaps this is the opportunity to spend time on and falling in love with yourself. The idea is to get you away from the idea that romantic interest somehow means self-worth.
Ahh yesss. Welcome to the void, young one.  You’re still young, I believe something good is waiting for you out there but for people like me who’s almost 30 and still has no experience in dating...there’s no hope left for us, no future and no potential partners that would fall for us. I’ve been rejected by women more times that I can count with my fingers that I just gave up asking women out. I just let the harsh reality embrace me and be consumed by the loneliness.
I’ve had people tell me like me but idk if they actually meant it or not so ig same :)
[removed]
This goes for everyone but being in a healthy weight is a good place to start. So if you’re overweight I would say that’s where you should start first. In OLD especially, I feel like women have all the power. You can also start by giving more in conversations too to guys that you like - acting intentionally interested, you try setting up the dates, asking or giving your number. I feel like men are way more forgiving when it comes to looks and personalities but for most, weight is a deal breaker.   Where do you think your issue is? You can’t just say ugly, be more specific. I’ll start - I have decent stats: height, fit, somewhat symmetrical face, clean. But I’m too shy at first, insecure about being a minority, could use double eyelids, could use stronger chin, whatever fat I have goes to belly and chin so I really have to be extra shredded in order to have somewhat of a defined jawline. I also wouldn’t mind 9 inch penis but I’m just happy I’m not tiny down there.
I’m sure you’re a beautiful person. Hang in there. ❤️
Did you try to ask a guy out? Many guys starve for any atention from a girl and are to afraid of rejection to ask themselves.
how's the rest of your life going aside from this?   The first step is being happy with life generally. Have passions, have hobbies, exercise/spend time outside. get these in check and the rest starts to fall into place.
Focus on point number 3. Get out of the mindset that you need male attention. Focus on yourself.
If you believe you'll be forever alone or are sick of waiting for someone to make a move, well then really the only option is to put yourself out there and make the first move.   If not, you'll just be in more of the same situation for longer. At this point, it's obvious you need a new strategy so don't be afraid to get shutdown for real instead of shutting yourself down.   All I mean is there is probably someone out there right now who could be a great match but you'll never know because you're too afraid of rejection. Accept rejection, allow it to make you more confident and eventually you will find someone who compliments your personality.   Give it time and stay at it, rejection doesn't weaken the ego your mentality about rejection does.
You think being that way at 19 is bad ? I'm 22 college is nearly over , I'll probably get my undergrad in an year or two , I can tell you all these years and no girl has ever had a crush or ever had a thing for me , infact I don't think I have even touched anyone tbh xDDD it's just how the world operates but then again you have to live and enjoy your life irrespective focus on other aspects of life keep yourself distracted , even me at this point I've accepted maybe this is how life is supposed to be and I can do nothing Abt it :)) so don't stress it out   Besides hey it isn't that bad you know , what we actually feel is peer pressure , peer pressure makes us want to seek out and crave for romance too but there's other parts of life to focus on too rather than plain romance invest in yourself pamper yourself , you and only you are responsible for your happiness
[removed]
Your time will come. It may not be as soon as you would like, but your person is looking for you right now.
Thank you ;-; I hope I'll survive
same
*hugs back* Thank you, and I'm sorry you're going through the same thing too.
Just out of curiosity, how many guys messaged you to ask to be in a relationship? Sad that an obvious venting post is seen as an invitation. So much for boundaries
Also 27 M. Tried and failed miserably. lol
WTF. I remember at the start of high school there was a girl who told a guy she liked him and she was rejected, and she wasnt even ugly.    I would be happy if a girl did it to me too but ofc it never happened haha,
Ye I’m a few years older than the OP and I have. Got rejected multiple times. My favorite experience is when a guy from my art class that I spoke to a lot asked me to help him ask out another girl in our group. Truly the cherry on top. Besides that in college I asked some other people out a few times. It really boils down to attractiveness and personality. My more attractive female counterparts with better personalities have never had to ask a guy out, it was always the other way around.
I have. I swing both ways (although leaning more towards men) so I've tried asking both sexes out, but nothing good so far hahaha. I try to laugh it off sometimes but I don't know, sometimes it gets to you.
Most guys including myself prefer it. Theres a ridiculous amount of stress involved with being the person to ask not knowing what the answer will be, espically if your confidence has already been eroded by rejections anytime you do. Even worse if your shy.  Always great to know the other person is interested even if you arnt.  Plus while I hate to generalize there is very much the culture of "if hes good looking and asks me out its awsome, if hes ugly and asks me out hes a creepy harrasser" mentality some women have that is less prevalent in men simply because we were always the ones to initiate until recently so it hasnt developed as much yet.
I think by this time I understand when a girl is into me. I never knew until now cuz I was socially even more inexperienced and I had and still have low confidence and self hatred. A girl was into me when I was 13 but I had no idea and we even had a small fight (she was even more into me after lmao). Then there was another when I was 18 but she quickly ghosted me after talking for longer than I could fake confidence, and my  friend who was a girl might have been into me but its very difficult to say. It happened in my teen years.    Since then women ruthlessly hate me, always act cold and passive agressive and knowing that I had a chance befire this fucks me up because now I could maybe do something better and ask them out but I never had a chance in the past 6 fucking years even tho Im less shy and understand these signs better.
You know, you said that you can be blunt, but the parts about "not carrying a guilt that isn't mine" and the useless suffering are pretty comforting. Maybe it's not *my* fault that nothing good has come so far. Thank you. This is tough but I hope I can be at peace with this soon :(
[removed]
Ah *virtual hugs*  Here's to (almost) twenty years of never having found love in a culture of ligawan and suyuan
Hello! Thank you for the advice, and rest assured, besides the "don't starve yourself" bit (which, dear god, is an entirely different issue now unfortunately), I have everything else in check. :D I've mentioned this before, but I've always felt pretty "ok" in life (on better days, I'd use the word "accomplished", maybe "satisfied"). I don't isolate myself, I've worked as a "student employee" (that's the term we use here) at a bunch of offices, I have quite a bit of money saved up, and I think I've done a good job socially. There are terrible days, but at the very least I've worked hard enough that I now have some reassurance that I'll do good for myself in the future (I plan on going to grad school too).   So, I guess the problem I have is that I'm just generally feeling left out, and lonely, and suffering from a rather low self-esteem. The problem is that due to my lack of experience, I'm just scared that this terrible loneliness is going to last forever. Maybe I should try my best not to let the days slip away.
Being young could be a double edged though, on the one hand she will possibly find what she's looking for and on the other side she could be facing a very long time of loneliness.
Ahhh, maybe I should keep asking people out...but that's still kind of daunting because I don't know, it's just...scary. I'm not saying this because I'm trying to make up excuses not to ask guys out, but I guess doing so can be kind of nerve-wracking when I've never been on the receiving end of the "asking out" process, so maybe I was never attractive enough to be on either end (if that makes sense?)  And yeah, I know, I have plenty of time :( But it doesn't make this whole thing less painful, honestly. And I don't know if this'll come to an end. I could be 29, 39, 49, and still be alone. I hope not, but thinking about the possibility is just so, *so* terrifying.  I'm sorry about the weight gain by the way, but dating and being forever alone aside, I hope you'll be able to get back on track eventually. I've lost around thirty-ish pounds over the past few years (5'1, went from 145 lbs to 115) so I get how hard it can be. But somehow losing weight is still a lot easier and more organized than finding someone hahaha. Ahhh fuck.
There is so much truth in this post, I am almost 35 and I look at 24 year old me and laugh, 19 year old me was fucking embarrassing and I wish I had just a couple of perspective changes I have now that I could filter to back then which meant I could have had a better life as things went to shit for me then.
[deleted]
How do you know that OP hasn't asked out guys and doesn't have a personality? She's already mentioned talking to people on dating apps and there really isn't enough information for you to assume she doesn't have a personality
I guess :(( I guess I could get comfortable with the idea that I might end up alone forever. I guess I'll have to learn to be okay with that......ahhh it's so hard but I'll have to try
Aww, that's okay. I hope you get to rest soon. And thank you for the hug <3   Also, your username: I never saw the Pet Sematary movie but I loved the book.
What do I do if I've always had passions and hobbies and have always "gone out and enjoyed life" and the "rest" still hasn't fallen into place?
That's hard, especially if you've been raised to believe your self worth was tied to your looks, and your looks were linked to how much male attention you got. But I guess I could try. I don't really have any other choice haha.
And you made this assumption based on what, exactly?
How do you know
Don't we all .-.
You can hit me up if you wanna talk about anything or vent, however you want.
I got around five "why don't we try" messages, and around 20+ chat invitations since I posted this ahaha. I mean, I understand being in the same boat but come on... :(
If you don't mind me asking, what are the 'leagues' here? Are you asking out or talking to guys in the same level of attractiveness to yourself? I feel like an asshole asking but these are the sort of questions guys hear all the time.
Yes, I feel that too. I think that because of that mentality, the idea of cold approaching women is going to be happening less, unless you are a very handsome and charismatic man. I have tried to make conversation with women in the past and be nice and not creepy, but I could always tell that they were uncomfortable, so I stopped doing that.  That just leaves online dating which is a joke if you're an average or below looking guy.
I'm happy that I could help you. When the time comes, you find someone to give your heart, just don't rush things or lower your standard of what man you expect, because this will cause more suffering than waiting a little more now, and you deserve better.
[deleted]
Thank you, that actually sums it up quite nicely :((  Edit: not "nicely", but "accurately"
Asking people out is daunting. That's why I don't do it often! I say this without trying to hublebrag... But the last time I cold-approached a woman and asked her out, it worked. We went to dinner 48 hours later. Without going into too much detail it was D.O.A. and would have never worked out. But I proved to myself, even as a "king size" dude I still am capable. The problem is within... Not with my looks. I guess. That was 2 years ago and I haven't tried it since. I'm FA because for some reason I'm not attracted to many women I meet on a personal level. And I know for a fact I'm straight...   And... hey! 115 at 5'1? Those are great numbers. Weight is not an issue. And the fact that you actually DID it and maintained it means you are conscientious and have self restraint. And self-control is the #1 most accurate predictor in life outcome. And people with strong self control are happier on average. You'll find someone, I guarantee it.
145 lbs is 65.83 kg
Yeah. Luckily my gut instinct has always shown me the correct path. I look back on my past self and cringe at my behavior and my words. But at the end of the day I don't regret many of my choices. A few... (when I ignore what the gut instinct is telling me.) But not many!
Yes. But probably 120 according to the BMI scale. but I thought I looked like a stud at 200. It's because of my height/build. A hair over 6 foot, broad shoulders, muscular legs. I even had an objectively attractive girlfriend at the time. Other than my looks I have NO idea why she liked me. lol.  I don't look like a fat blob from "my 600 pound life." But I am "husky" for sure.
I'm talking about asking guys out face-to-face. And yes, everyone that is breathing has a personality. Hers just may need refining. Meaning she may want to add more comedy, or be more spontaneous or lively.   If you do the same things over and over, you'll get the same results. If you want something to change, you have to do something different.
Dont think of it as that. Think of it as finding the self-esteem to navigate dating better which will include improving your own game.
Be patient. Alot of stuff clicked for me in my 20s that I was nowhere near in my teens. Good luck with everything.
It’s definitely not easy. But continuing to seek your worth through attention from men is only going to make your mental health issues worse.
I have known many who thought the same. Their person found them.
I sure hope I dont
Oh, don't worry, it's okay. I just wanted to get all that out. Plus I just cried so I'm really tired haha. I appreciate it though. *virtual hugs*
Its a shame and annoying to say the least. The amount of comments telling you to just ask someone out are also a pain because if a guy was posting this, they would be saying otherwise. This sub seems to have an issue with female FA sharing their stories without being told to go on tinder and live life on easy mode. Sorry you had to deal with that.   If anyone is harassing you and/or continuing to send you messages, please message the mods about it.
[removed]
Same level I guess(?) maybe slightly above or below but not more than 1 number. I don’t like using the out of 10 scale but I’d call myself a 4/10 and the guys around a 4-5/10. It wasn’t like I was asking out 6-7s or going out of my league significantly. It’s not an asshole question but it’s a question that people don’t really want to think about I guess. ᵒᴥᵒ hah in either way I don’t really care or try anymore and I’ve just accepted and rolled with it so it’s all water under the bridge now.
Thank you :( And you too, if you still haven't. We're probably both in positions of hopelessness (unless you actually aren't and you're just here to say something nice, which is still really cool by the way), so it seems unlikely, but aaaaah. I hope we get through this.
Oh, no, don't worry, you don't come off as condescending at all! And seeking professional help is really good advice. This proble has peaked halfway through the lockdown period, which was when I started considering therapy. The problem is that the nearest psychiatric clinics are about two hours away, and they're all in hospitals, so add that to the current situation, and I've got myself in quite a pickle haha.   Yeah, I guess when you look at how long life can be, 19 is quite young, but this is also the oldest I've been so far, so right now I feel really old haha, if that makes sense. I wish you lots of good luck on your personal search though (if you are searching), and either way I wish you happiness—even though that sounds pretty empty coming from a stranger on the internet.  I have a weird jaw. I should probably save up to get that "fixed." Oh, Life, you are hard to deal with.
I have always been sort of aimless to some degree, I am a tad more focused now, back then I wish I knew how to groom better, drink less and I really wish I took the plunge and did a working holiday in Europe back then instead of bumbling through life.      Visiting other countries has been a wonderful experience for me but I have only been able to achieve that in the past few years and back in my younger years probably would have broadened my perspectives on things maybe?
Strange enough, when that same advice is given to a guy, its seen as "normie" advice and told that they already tried that. Also, what if she has severe anxiety about doing it in person? The pain of being rejected in person is also something to consider
Well, I guess at this point I'll take anything haha. Thank you. God, this is hard.
No worries. Thanks for the hugs
Your 19, there's plenty of time to turn things around. My normal suggestions however don't work well with the virus but I'd suggest looking at counseling options. Finding a hobby and online community can def help or at least distract ppl. It's a great time these days for getting into arts & crafts imo and a great way to socialize for those who normally don't. I find said communities also are typically fairly welcoming unlike gaming communities.
Yeah, I agree :( I understand that there's the whole "girls have it easier" idea, but I think thay only applies to attractive girls. In fact, attractive *people*, regardless of sex, have it easier.  Thank you though. So far, no harassment (thankfully), but I'll keep that in mind. <3
[removed]
Ah, I knew someone would ask. I wasn't exactly complaining about the messages, it's just that this isn't the time and the place, you know? I came here to vent, and so I did. I didn't come here looking for love or a date, I only wanted a place to vent where people would understand. If I wanted someone to talk to beyond what FA provided, I would've posted on a place like R4R (which sounds fun, in theory, but I've been there a couple times and I got ghosted a lot haha). Plus, I know that most of the messages I've got are from people far far away, so there's no way that would be a feasible 'relationship' either, at least not for me. I hope that clears it up for you. :)
Would you ever consider dating a FA guy? I'm not asking for myself, I have too many personal issues that would make a relationship inconceivable, but more in general.   It is a question I think a lot of people here think of, but there are issues with FA people that "regular" (for lack of a better word) don't have that would make a relationship not work between two FA people. Most people here have given up anyway.
Until recently I was sure of what path my life was going, I was happy without any relationships, now I'm open to them, but I still think if that's really what destiny is preparing for me. But anyway, we'll get through this. 😜
I don't think its the life changing thing that everyone makes it out to be. I've been to several countries in the middle east, and in Europe I've only really **been** to France. It's really amazing to be in a different country and be immersed in the alternate culture and try all the new things... but it's not gonna change me as a person. Except make me want to travel overseas more. But that's not a personality trait more than it is a preference.
>The pain of being rejected in person is also something to consider  Again, if you do the same thing over and over again, you'll get the same results.  Getting over the fear of rejection solves many problems. Sure, there's anxiety involved, but doing it is an adrenaline rush! Plus, you never know unless you ask. Not everyone will like you. And that's ok. Move onto the next. There's billions of people in this world.
Thats what I say. Attractive people have it easier for sure but there are plenty of ladies with issues and it could be similar to what guys experience or different but that doesn't mean its any less terrible. Wish you could vent without being told that your problems can be solved by asking more guys out or get a dating app 🤦‍♂️  Enjoy your time and hope life goes a little better!
Unless you're a mind reader, how do you know that for sure? Just as there are some guys that tried. There are also guys that never asked anyone out and just assumed that it would be a no.   Lastly, that still doesn't justify assuming that OP hasn't tried. My point stands, if it was a male FA, there would be an outpouring of understanding and anyone telling them to put themselves out there would likely face negative feedback.
[removed]
I would consider so if i met them irl. But you have a good point. In my late teens I developed some mental illnesses. I personally think that those two contributed to me being FA(social isolation, anxiety, paranoia etc).  >  don't have that would make a relationship not work between two FA people. I partially agree with you. If they had other issues such as severe depression or other issues then I can see what you mean.
Ahh, I hope we will. I may be stupidly optimistic about this right now but I still hope we find happiness, even outside of relationships.
I have got a lot out of visiting other places, it is the different ways things are done, the different foods, the different routines that leave an impact and at a younger age could have been more influential on me to see all of that instead of the country town in Australia I was living in at the time where everything is do work, drink excessively and repeat.  Especially when I was 19 it was 2005 so the internet was restricted to computers so being elsewhere I would have had to figure things out on the go and via interaction unlike now where I can whip out a phone and have things answered so that could have been a real confidence boosting exercise for me.
Its an adrenaline rush for you and others. How do you know that each rejection isn't crushing OP's self-esteem? This is an approach that worked for you but it would be ignorant to think that your path works for everyone. Do you know how many FA have been asking people out in person and each one has made them feel worse? I get the scarcity complex that you're trying to address but its extremely difficult to get to that point if you have no positive reinforcement to build of off. Thats part of what makes it an adrenaline rush. If you have nothing but bad experiences of getting rejected, it won't be an adrenaline rush. It'll be despair and thoughts of being turned down
Bro, let her vent without projecting your own feelings to the post. She can post and simply want others to relate to her story. Its absolutely not an invitation for countless messages from random strangers. It doesn't work like that.
These people don't desire her. They know absolutely nothing about her other than "is a girl"
I have all those things including a severe mistrust of people. I hope I wouldn't, but I'd be worried I'd be a controlling boyfriend or at least one who was worried all the time. I think that's a major point though, every FA person is inexperienced and never got the chance to have a shitty first relationship and learn how to be a good partner. I just believe my poor etiquette mixed with the uphill battle it takes to know me, the lack of physical attraction and no benefits I can bring to the table is just not worth it to anyone.  It's just kinda sad to think about it though. FA people need someone with a hammer to try break down the walls they put up, not someone with another wall just as big. That's the most concise allegory I can come up with for why I don't think it works.
K. I was just trying to help. We all have issues but we can learn from what others have experienced. Co-miserating won't help people.
someone described it on here as the cycle with getting a first job and having no experience. I think its more than lack of experience though. I think that a good chunk of FA people have other history or deep lying issues that are psychological, like you and me lets say that makes the likelihood of getting the first relationship decrease.   It is a nice allegory and I get what you mean!
You'd be surprised. Sometimes allowing someone to vent and simply listening to them make a difference. OP did comment and she seems to have already tried numerous solutions
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxlsyi/running_through_the_world_without_a_pack/
Without making this post a couple pages long.  I know most of us are here because we feel like we will never find our "partners" for lack of a better word.  But is it just me who feels ABSOLUTELY ALONE?  A good example is, I just started a new job. Everyone is so nice to me, almost too nice. I feel like they are putting in on over me. Playing me. So needless to say I'm kind of struggling. Its not that I want to be treated like shit.   Its that my remaining family, the ones I am stuck with. They have never really shown a damn.  The ones who loved me are gone now. Crossed over. The ones who believed in me.   Its just hard for me to accept that anything is real. That there isn't an ulterior motive.  Im not sure who to trust. Definitely don't know who to turn to anymore.  I am just going keep to trying to find my pack.  As hard as that might be, readjusting, might be the real trick. At least it seems to be to me.    Im sorry for all of us out there who feel this way. Or maybe its just me, im still sorry.
No.   I'm probably older than most of this sub now.  In my 30s, being ugly, boring, and having no partner or comparable experiences as the acquaintances I barely keep in my life - the staidness of it, of not even getting to imagine the excitement of a healthy relationship- is awful   But I'd saying having no companions, no friends that care about me or that I have history with is worse. Coworkers aren't real friends, you're brought together by shit you hate and you can be fired in any minute.  Life as an fa is a wash when it extends to a lack of all reciprocative relationships
You're not alone, brother. I feel alone. Even when I have buddies to chill and drink with, I still feel alone when it's over. The war in this life is mine and mine alone. I have accepted that fact and move forward with that mentality. Not trying to sound cynical, but people are selfish. People are looking out for themselves first. We should look out for ourselves too. When you stop caring about others and put yourself first, then they won't really matter anymore. Why should they matter when we can't even trust them? The only person that we can really trust, is ourselves. The key is to put yourself first. I know I am repeating myself, but that is the way. You know lone wolves are usually stronger than wolves that move in pack. Be strong.   "Wonder why a lone wolf don't run with a clan. Only trust your instincts and be one with the plan."
Thank you. I know you're speaking some truth.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxkpb7/i_am_doomed_to_be_alone/
I am doomed to be alone. As a guy I feel like this isn’t talked enough but I have so many body issues that every time a girl tries to talk to me I’ll instantly start degrading myself in my head and basically convince myself that I am not worth it. I’ve done it so many times it’s actually sad. I can’t meet anyone in person because I create stories in my head of how they’ll judge me and my body. I have zero confidence in myself. I don’t know what to do apart from accepting the fact that I’ll never be able to get an actual relationship. I’ve recently been talking online to a girl, like a lot, and I’m scared to do anything else than just talking online because of how she might react to me in person, I feel like I’m hiding stuff from her and that I’m sort of cat fishing her. I just wish I had a body I liked I feel like things would be way easier
This is the exact issue I'm having right now. I dislike the way I look so much that even if the most gorgeous woman in the world came up to me and said she wanted me for who I am, I would have to turn her down. I have so much I need to work on with myself that I don't think it's fair to bring into a relationship.
This is definitely the way I feel, I feel so bad for having all this on my mind when talking to a girl that I end up self sabotaging to prevent myself from getting hurt by them at a later time. It’s so shitty cause I really like this one girl rn but every time I speak to her I feel like I’m hiding stuff from her and I can’t deal with this feeling anymore
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxi1p7/i_dont_get_this/
After like three months of trying, I finally got a match that didn’t end after 3 messages. (3 total matches, (btw first time trying online dating)    We talked for couple of days, she seemed quite into it quick response time no one word answers. All seemed to be ok. She suggested to move our conversation to WhatsApp. I agreed, then I got her number without me even asking for it lol. We added each other on WhatsApp exchanged two messages. Then I just got left on read. I tried after couple of days asking her how her days was going, but just got left on read.   IDK why would you give someone your number and make them switch from dating app just to instantly ghost them that seems kind of weird. I read back thru the messages but didn’t find anything that would tell me what went wrong.    Well, I guess back to trying for now.
Damn,three matches. Really beginning to think I'm ugly as shit.
She probably got a reply from someone more attractive
This happens to me so often, someone shows genuine interest in me only to suddenly and without warning ghost me  I wish I knew what happened
This is pretty common nowadays. You can text/talk/FaceTime with someone for weeks and just get suddenly get ghosted.
It's common now. Most people even non-FA have had it happen to them but they aren't FA so it's just a rejection that doesn't hurt as much as rejections do to FA'ers.   Usually it's because they found someone with more to offer usually looks wise. I'm not saying all women are like that but with online dating, looks are extremely important.
Just happen the exact thing to me we went on a date... then she blocked me from every social media
Three months isn't that long it took me a while to meet someone.
What worked for me was just asking for a date early on.  After a few messages, and you get to know generally what the person is like, just ask to meet for coffee, ice cream, or whatever.  I personally never saw the appeal of texting for days and days...if you guys have good conversation early on, just set up a date for that weekend.
Perhaps something came up. Either a personal crisis or she found someone else that she matched better with.   For ghosting, it is seen as a cut and dry way to end contact with someone. Perhaps they had a bad experience with someone being rejected or they themselves don't like confrontation, etc. Its part of the risk of opening yourself up and all you can do is chalk it up to experience and move from there.
Yeah, exactly what happens to me all the time as well. But most of the time I don't even get a reply back on my first message.   Oh the joy of online dating /s 🙄
I suppose it could be some kind of identity theft thing where someone's just trying to get your phone number and some personal info.
Most likely she was texting with multiple people at once, it's sort of like when applying for jobs you will have some companies ghost you ,so it's smart to keep applying until you worked for at least 2 weeks at your new job.
She found a stud
Same. Tried all the apps and websites have never gotten a single match
Yep that crossed my mind. Well at least you should have the decency not to ghost. I would be much more content with straight up “no”
Funny enough, ghosting has more to do with an individual's personal issues. Research shows that people with avoidant attachment styles are the ones most likely to ghost. It has little to do with someone more attractive. It may be shocking but not everything is about looks and someone moving on from you. Dating is way more complex than that.   https://www.livescience.com/64661-why-people-ghost.html
Ghosting is a lot more nuanced than the previous commenter mentioned. Seems to be tied to individuals with avoidant attachment styles and those that believe in destiny when it comes to romance.  If you really want to get a better idea, this is a good read: https://www.livescience.com/64661-why-people-ghost.html  At the end of the day, it speaks more to the person and their struggles. It goes beyond decency and there's far too many people that are much better suited to worry about.
Unfortunately ghosting is the norm on dating apps, even more so if it's someone you haven't even met and are just exchanging a few messages with
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxnbsn/i_feel_cursed_i_had_so_much_potential/
I’m attractive, I get complimented often for my appearances, but it doesn’t matter. I’m still lonely because every time someone expresses interest in me, my high functioning autism comes and fucks it up. No matter how hard I focus, I always fuck up conversations and come off as creepy and awkward, making people lose interest. I’m hoping others here can relate to this.
Nope. I'm unattractive. I wish I were attractive and just had personality defects that I could work through and overcome with enough time and effort.
Same here. Despite being a decent looking guy, the curse of autism has ruined my life. Because of it, I will never have friends, I will never be able to hold down a job, or have a female. And now, I am treated like a second class citizen.
The right girl wont gaf
I’m curious... what is the typical outcome when you try to be social with autism?
The typical responses I get from neurotypicals are rejection, isolation, and ridicule; while I become even more jaded and hateful of them.
Dang, I’m sorry to hear that happens. What is it that they ridicule?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kx735a/have_you_ever_been_so_disappointed_be_it_yourself/
The question arose, because of my shortcomings i became quieter and quieter in groups. Yes i can still interact with them and cooperate but.... everything above that just doesn’t happen, because i close my mouth if there is not a topic. This became kinda a passive thing. I don’t have social anxiety but i simply don’t want to spent the energy on a conversation that dies 9/10 times when i don’t give input.   Thats my „shortcoming“ if you will: most of my interests like pnp, gaming, science and history.. don’t really spark much of conversation topics.  Those familiar with pnp, know it has a habit of having more males in the hobby as a hole. And to those women that are there, i have the bad luck of them being either so independent that they are not interested or they already have a relationship.   And the rest is anybody’s guess why these topic aren’t the party maker on topics.  Not that i can’t speak about other topics but as soon they run out of steam with their interest explanation and i try continuing with mine the conversation dies. Or i don’t try and it dies anyways. And i don’t want to always forcibly speak about topics that i don’t find enticing. Yeah, i have to to a certain extent but not 100%.  So i stopped talking and, outside my family and some few and dear friends, will most likely not start again.  Now the question: did some experience similar things?   Edit: i tried correcting my grammar 😖
Well I don't speak up because most of the time I have nothing to say. And even if I try I get interrupted so why bother trying
I'm basically mute most of the time.
Yes. There's nothing i can say or hear that will change reality.   Reality is reality regardless how you see it - and you either have control on something real others do, or you don't. I'm at peace with being the second case.
Yes
Same, people dont respect me
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxdoqd/anyone_else_at_the_same_time_loves_and_hates/
Anything beautiful is automatically combined with me being reminded how lonely i am and how not beautiful my own life is lol
You're lucky if you can see the stars. I live in a small middle eastern country with so much light pollution, last time I saw the sky full of stars was 30 years ago
The view from my balcony is esp beautiful, wish I had someone to share it with
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kx7w54/another_sad_post_to_add_to_my_reddit_history/
I'm not even sure what I want to achieve anymore. I know I want to be better but it seems so impossible. How do you people do it? How can you get up everyday with the expectation that everything will work out? The only reason I get up and go to work everyday is because if I don't I might just let the voice in my head take over and take as much as I can till my eyes roll back.  I'm trying so fucking hard to change. I'm dressing much nicer, I'm better at my job then I used to be, I am trying to take life seriously. These things are supposed to feel good but it just feels like wasted effort.  My best friend won't answer my texts or calls. My mom is just...busy. I can't even talk to the people I work with. From 5:30pm to 9am the next day I don't even say a word. I want for someone to ask how I am. I know if they did I might just unload though haha! I just want someone to think about me.  I don't know why I make these posts.  I'm at work now fighting the urge to feign sick and going home to smoke my self asleep. It's not that being alone is hard, being alone with myself is the hard part.  Please make time for your friends to see if they are ok. Sometimes the fact that someone is thinking of them is enough to get through the day
I’m sorry man. I wished my friends would check up on me a little more too.  How are you doing tonight?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxf6go/new_to_this_sub_i_think_this_is_one_of_the_groups/
I am a 27 years old dude, and have been really shy and awkward when it comes to interacting with other that do not have a clear affinity with me. Outside a friend I tried to date but due to family things she had to move, I haven't really been in a formal relationship ever, and while I try to remain calm, knowing that it won't be another person who would give me all the happiness and peace I need, I can't deny that the saddening feeling of not having truly mey any girl who seems to have a kindred soul with me is sometimes quite hard to ignore.  Doesn't help that the virus the world is having is making it nigh impossible to interact with others.  Anyway, thanks for reading to my ramblings, and God bless ya all!
Welcome brother
Good luck brother
Welcome home
Covid has made meeting new people almost impossible. I'm sorry for this.
Thanks for your condolences. It saddens me that some people disregard the emotional needs one has for socializing with people by basically saying "bottle them up, there is a global virus going on". Like, I am not saying we must go and be careless, but being utterly isolated is quite toxic and harmful.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kx1uhz/even_if_i_hypothetically_didnt_have_horrible/
I’m 18 M, and I’m a freshman in college in my second semester. I’ve had horrible social anxiety my entire life, but I won’t go into too much detail on that cause it’s not the point of the post.  Every single one of my classes has been moved online due to Covid-19. I was told they would be in person, but they were changed to online after I scheduled them. That already completely removes one of the biggest ways to meet people in college. I’ll just be in my dorm watching zoom meetings instead of actually being around people.   There’s clubs which I could join, but very few of them interest me, and a lot of the clubs are also just not holding meetings because of Covid. I joined a couple political clubs to hopefully meet people who share my values, but they have very few members and don’t seem to meet that often, if at all. I also don’t have any athletic or artistic ability, so I wouldn’t really fit into any clubs like that.   To top it all off, it seems like pretty much everyone is already somehow in a relationship. So even if I was suddenly able to talk to people, and then actually managed to meet a girl that I like, despite having no outlets through which to meet people, there’s like a 90% chance she’d already have a boyfriend.  I don’t get how everyone else does it. What the hell do I do?
I've joined "clubs" (I'm not in school anymore, so they're actually Meetups) that didn't initially interest me.  Many things become interesting as you get involved with it, and if you only join activities that only subscribe to your particular narrow set of existing interests, then I'd recommend branching out and experiencing something new.  You may end up not liking it later on, but you won't know until you give it a shot.    Here's my experience- at 28, I didn't have any friends.  Only person I talked to outside of work, were my parents.  I decided to start playing tennis, despite having no experience, no prior interest, and not being athletic at all.  I went to the park, hit against the wall for a while, then joined a tennis Meetup.  The first day there, everyone was very welcoming to me.  They saw I was new to the sport, and many of them gave me great pointers and encouragement.  Eventually my skills improved, and it immensely satisfying.  My physique also improved...I went from skinny to toned.  I also made some great friends along the way, and we get together for activities like house parties, go out to eat, movies, etc.  I eventually joined an organized tennis league team, made more friends and got to occasionally travel around the state and country together.
22 M here, I feel you. Meeting people at school is so important for me. I thought I would find girlfriend that way. But now everything is via zoom. I just sit on computer and don't really meet anyone. Frickin kills me.   But remember, you are not alone.
Not to put more pressure on you but please John things that you’re mildly interested in just to meet people. It doesn’t get any better when you’re out of school my friend. Really need to capitalize on college thing despite covid
Well that sucks about your social anxiety and how COVID fucked it up.   But are there actually people in the dorms with you during this semester?   While I know that class and clubs are one way of making friends, I feel that for a lot of students, particular freshmen and new students, tend to make friends with people around them, i.e. roommates, and neighbors on their floor. Due to the pandemic, it seems more people are stuck indoors and may have to rely more on people around them. It may take a while, but usually these people are the easiest for most people to form bonds and connections with since you are around them most of the time.
21M here. Social anxiety has also made things incredibly difficult for me. I'm in my last year of university now and with all classes being online I feel like I've lost my last chance
You’re 18, I guarantee you that if you just keep going with the flow, be your true self always, and in a year from now you will be in a completely different mindset than you are in now. It’s not easy, but it is doable. Remember that most people are too caught up in their own struggles to ever really judge you.
The thing is, in the time it took you to list out all the obstacles you have. The average person would have already done it.   No artistic ability? Go to the event and learn something new. Im not artistic myself but going to art museums is part of that experience and you dont always have to be great at it to join an art group.   If there's no club that you like, make one. Its a lot harder with covid but when things open up, you can make fliers, visit classrooms and other outreach programs to get more members. Youll likely have to settle your social anxiety to some degree. Whether that is through seeing a psychiatrist, meditation, or something else.   Also for the 90% statistic. Do you have any verifiable proof of that or are you making that common mistake called confirmation bias? There's a multitude of single people but its likely that your brain hyperfocuses on that aspect. One thing to consider is environment, are you at events that would more likely be composed of single people or couples?
I don’t want to join a club for a certain sport or something and be the only new guy and weigh everyone down cause they have to deal with someone who’s shit. It would just make people resent me.
I don’t have a roommate. I have a suite mate who I share a bathroom and common area with, but different bedrooms, and we pretty much never see each other.
I don’t have no artistic ability in general, but I just haven’t pursued any one type of art that would qualify me for joining a group of people who have pursued their respective form of art for many years prior. I wouldn’t try out for an orchestra the day after beginning to learn my first instrument.  As for the 90% number, I made it to get a point across. Every single person I’ve met is already in a relationship.
If you're shit, and you're part of a group or club, it's their job to help you out. You are not a burden. You are someone in need of help. Rome wasn't built in a day. So if you're shit, there's people around you to help you grt out of that phase.
Its easy to find an excuse to not do something.  Everyone is a beginner at some point.
I see, and do you guys have like a common area for the floor or lounge? Sometimes people hang out through that. Or talk to their neighbors whenever they see one another.
What about starting your own club then? At some point, you have to get out of your own way in order to find success. Its likely the anxiety speaking but much of the fear you have isn't as bad as you think.   One thing you can try is asking those couples where they met and see if that gives you insight
There’s a difference between trying something new on my own, and joining a club for people who have been doing that thing for a while.
Ther’s the lobby, but it’s not really a lounge or anything. Just the checking desk and a couple couches near it. No one hangs out there. As far as neighbors go, the dorms are all pretty far apart so I don’t see people that often.
Maybe I’ll start a club at some point, but I don’t have the means right now. I really just want to focus on schoolwork the first year or two before committing to running a club. Joining a club is fine with me though cause I’m not responsible for running it.
Then practice on your own, then join the club.  Which is what I did.
Definitely. But everyone starts somewhere. If the club is full of experiences professionals, you could join and ask them for pointers or advice do that you can get to their level before you fully participate in the club. It can be a little intimidating to approach them, but they were beginners at some point. Just text them if you feel too anxious to talk in person or via phone or video. That way you aren't really intruding as they are free to ignore your texts if they wish to.  Ask them questions about the hobby or sport. Learn about it. You might not know anything about it or you might even think you have never really had any interest in this, but as you learn, you might start developing an interest. Worst case, you'll definitely know for sure that it's not up to your speed and you can write it off, having actually given it a fair shot and not liking it.  It never hurts to try and get out of your comfort zone a little.
That is a conundrum. I wonder how are meals planned out, like is there a dining hall, or are you just responsible for that now during the pandemic.   If you want, maybe you can reach out to your suite mate and see  if they want to have a dinner together on night and get to know one another better as a start, since you two do live together/sort of.
There’s a dining hall that I go to sometimes, which is probably when I see the most people, but it’s not like a class or club where interacting with new people is part of it, so I’d just be cold approaching, which I just can’t do cause of my anxiety. I actually bumped into my suite mate last night cause we went to the same place in the dining hall to get food, and we talked for a little bit. We really don’t have anything in common though so it’d be hard to form a strong friendship.
Oh, okay, so dining halls are still open. Yea, I can see how it may feel that way remember back to when I was in college. And yea, it would be cold approaching people - but sometimes you can maybe ask to sit by people you know from class and see what happens. Or maybe send out like an email to your classmates about forming some study group?   And that's good about bumping into your suite mate. Who knows maybe you can just see about setting up like some weekly dining just to be friendly and see what happens.   Just some ideas. I remember how lonely it could be to dine and be isolated in college back during freshmen year, especially in the beginning.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kx2oxm/anyone_else_dont_want_to_be_lonely_but_at_the/
Was wondering if someone else can relate. I just lack the interest of getting to know a stranger, it doesn't feel stimulating, perhaps because there is no context behind our conversation.  At the same time I could see myself enjoying being with someone if I actually knew them, but the 'getting to know someone' feels too draining or something.  When I'm on the ps4, the gym, or taking walks those are things I rather do with someone else but the idea of getting to know someone while doing one of these things is just not something I'm interested in. At the same time I have never tried it so maybe I shouldn't judge before trying, but the idea doesn't sound interesting.  Jobs were nice though, because then there is actual context as to why you're talking to your coworkers, because you kind of have to. It felt natural. Unfortunately I lost my job due to covid
I relate to this on so many different levels
Yeah definitely. I don’t feel like dealing with the work of getting to know people and having to keep up with it.
Yes. I can relate. It's like I want the end goal but getting there is meh.
I also lost my job due to covid, so I can sympathize with that. In terms of lacking interest in knowing strangers, I too also have developed that trait.  During my freshman year of college, I was very hopeful and welcomed meeting new people. I also had the naive idea that I'd meet a woman in college that liked me and that we'd make a good couple. That never happened, of course. I also grew somewhat tired of going out of my way to meet new people as well.  By my senior year, I had asked out roughly 36 women. All of them said "No" to dates... well, technically 2 said no, the other 34 were too cowardly to tell me anything and simply lied or ghosted me. I also stopped caring about meeting new people in general. The way I saw it, and still see it, is why get to know people that I will never see again? I do have two best friends who I thankfully message on a daily basis... but they both very easily found girlfriends during the past 5 years.  That is what disconcerts me. That there will probably be a time in the near future where they too leave me... and I will be alone.
>don't want to be lonely but at the same time don't want to get to know anyone?  Yep, that’s me! Catch 22 if ever there was one.
Yup, I’m with ya.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kx2ztp/hate_myself/
I keep seeing my friends successes and I get so jealous of them and reminded about how loser and complete pathetic man that I am. I feel like a ghost.. the only thing that keeps me going is my dream.. if it weren't for that I'd probably be dead by now... Just wanted to get it off my chest. Thx for reading...
Don't compare yourself to your peers man. Just focus on your dream and other things that make you happy, a relationship should add to your happiness not be the source of it.
[deleted]
I don't even have social media... they tell me their stories
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kxmd59/its_hurtful/
20M. Just want to be held and genuinely loved... at the very least appreciated. The only 2 relationships I’ve had ended in disappointment and heartache when I realized they never truly loved me back. I don’t think about my exes, but I think a lot about my future with relationships. It just doesn’t look bright. I tried online dating with tinder and bumble and although I got plenty of matches, I only got responses from sex workers and bots. I feel like I’m asking for too much from the world just to find love in my life. To top it off, all my friends from high school moved away for college and never contacted me again. It just hurts.
You're 20 and you already have 2 exes, which I assume you've had sex with. That's much better than most people in this sub who are in their later 20s, 30s, or even 40s and are still virgins.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwzodd/hi_first_time_to_post_here_im_f28_no_bf_never_had/
I once had an online relationship (ldr) once, but the guy realized I'm not worth pursuing so he gave up and cheated. Other than that, I have zero experience in romantic relationships.   I've been slim for awhile and then now chubby, still has no luck.   High five to those who are on the same boat with me!
LDRs are extremely difficult to keep alive.
Here some digital flowers 💐. Best i can do. ✋
Pretty much same exact story here.  28, only ever gotten a few dates with one girl that after 6 dates and a hug decided I wasn't good enough.  Since then, only rejections and ghostings.
[removed]
LDRs suck.
That sounds a frustrating situation especially if you are reaching an age where friends or relatives are starting to settle down. I am not gonna lie and invalidate your feelings and pretend it doesn't hurt to see others move ahead while we stay stuck. Just wanted to say find out things you like and do them, don't wait for Mr Right to come along to start living your life. I know it doesn't have the same feeling but buy your own flowers rather than do without! Also we are the one person we are with our whole life long so work on your relationship with yourself.
Similarly in age here and I feel ya.   High five!
28 is a rough age, because people who have been dating since high school are starting to pair off and settle down. I also noticed a lot of my friends moved away at that point: people go off to Denver, Portland, whatever hipster location. Hard to make friends.
Hi, don't worry you'll find someone sooner or later, I had a relationship for 4.5 years and it was mainly a bit harsh experience. So don't worry about not having enough experience, just learn to love yourself and make the most of this quarantine by learning new things :D
They're really painful to have imo
Indeed. Unless, both of you are willing to do the hard work.
Le digital gentleman
Aww I'm accepting your digital flowers. Thank you. 😄
Damn, sending some virtual hugs and a high five!
Yeah, it is frustrating. It's annoying as well when people start asking you when are you getting married or if I have a boyfriend.   Right now, I've been meditating daily. It helped me have a more positive outlook in life.
I know right. A lot of people I know from high school or college are either getting engaged, getting married, or getting pregnant. Lol
You aren't helping anyone
Don’t give people generic horseshit advice.  Just because it happens naturally to you doesn’t mean it happens naturally to others.
I couldn't do it. I'm a physical person. And suffering from it. An LDR would be more torture than joy.
Thanks. Right back at you!
Yeah...tends to leave single people behind in the dust.
Yea, same here.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kx93vd/loosing_the_only_person_ive_loved/
So I fell in love with this girl and completely fucked up the relationship with immature ass. After that we stopped talking for a while after she dated one of my closest friends. I really thought it was completely over between us. But we eventually cut ties and started talking again. But I was talking to a different person a broken person. I thought I could be the one to mend her heart but there was a wall holding me back to protect herself. I kept trying and we got so close to each other and the feeling I had for her came back but it was stronger and more intense. I fell hard for her. When I thought it was time to crack the question I was met with disappointment. All the heartbreak she went through completely took away how she felt about anything and anyone. I got into a dark place thinking it was me all along who was the problem and hated myself. But this girl is my only angel and she brought me back up and made me love myself once again. Few months past and I realise every conversation was always focused on me and I felt so selfish knowing she was helping me out so much and I was doing bare minimum. I called her one day and we had a call about her. It was painful to know that she felt like I was really holding her back from isolating and working on herself. So that's when I made the decision to cut communication with her to help her mend herself. And when I say this is the most painful thing I've ever done I mean it. We decided to have one final day together and by the end we were crying in each others arms but in the back of my head I knew that she will work this out and come out stronger than ever. I love you Maria and I'll always be here.
You did the right thing for both of you.
Same thing has happened with me now, I was an immature asshole just like you and I didn't cared about her when she loved me the most and then I broke up with her and that too just out of ego and then she dated another guy and after she broke up with him she approached me we talked so much and I thought I will not get into this this time but I did asked her today but she said no. I'm cool now. But yeah it feels bad.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwoufj/thank_you/
Every time I feel alone I come on here. Reading the posts makes me feel less alone. Like at least I’m not the only lonely one in this world. In a way I am grateful that I found this sub. If I end up dying alone as well I will still be grateful that at least I had this and I wasn’t totally alone. In some way we are alone together
It's a warm feeling :)
It’s nice to know we aren’t alone in our situations
We are our own little community of loneliness.
It's a bittersweet feeling
I feel pretty bad for being here... idk why but its prolly my brain messing with me just want myself to stop existing
No no, thank YOU, my friend!
Its an online social media thing to have 150613 people united in their loneliness.
I feel exactly the same.
:)
We’re not bad, just in bad situations.
I am a bad person tbh...
I doubt you are worse than any person, as we all have faults and commit some regretable actions.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kx2x8f/dating_in_todays_society_with_outdated_morals_and/
POV : Your parents/positive influence in your life Equipped you with a set of values for the generation they grew up in not the one your in now. Sing-along if you know the words.....    You will hold a door for a woman when she comes in   You still have manners,  You say to yourself you know what? instead of toxicity and asshole-ism which is the norm...Why don’t I try Respect and thoughtful listening?   What happens when you’re thrust into the dating scene and That’s your only ammunition? You’re not willing to give up your morals to attract the kind of person that wouldn’t respect you anyway. It’s by no means a unrealistic standard you just ask that someone reciprocate the same things you’ve Been taught  Problem is that the standards that you are looking for are too high in today’s society. Before you say it I know everybody has their preference and I know people are picky and sometimes people can be overly picky.   But for those of us out there who have never dated a soul but know the signs for couples falling apart or starting to get together it’s frustrating. Your standards won’t be something out of a rap video naming a list of demands a woman/man needs to have before you consider them.   You’re just looking for somebody who may or may not like the same show as you, possibly watches that anime too, And if they’re willing to give your genre of music a chance you’ll pretty much take them.  ————————/———————————————————-  From my experience up holding such Values myself.... I’ll tell you what happens, you get overlooked  you get passed up and pushed to the side. So I ask you what would you do? or rather what have you done to fit in?  Have you changed your personality?  Did you feel like it was for the better?   Is it worth abandoning good morals Just to catch the eye of someone you may like? Just to fit in....?
I don't think "toxicity and asshole-ism" is the norm at all.  Yes, there are some toxic guys out there for sure, and some women are attracted to that.  But there are also plenty of normal relationships with good guys.    I think its easier to tell yourself "I'm too polite, respectful, good mannered while everyone else is an asshole, so I get passed up" when the truth is that its entirely possible for more attractive guys to also be good people too.
The world is bullshit. Don't even worry about it. Some idiot is going to say that being a good person is the bare minimum.  Lol okay if it is the bare minimum then why do so many people have a hard time doing it then?  Doesn't sound bare minimum to me.
Respect, manners, and a common interest develop a friendship and nothing more. I don't know if you were taught differently, but it's wrong. You need attraction to your partner, shared life goals, personality compatibility, and a desire to be with them and build something more. That is what makes a relationship. Being what someone else sees as a good/decent person are the basics of any interaction and not a romantic relationship. You are not single for not being an asshole.
actuallyi share your issue,im a 19M (in 3-4 months,i will be 20)  &#x200B;  i always been of a weirdo (abusive family,some bullying issues and already shut in personality combined make really hard to form emotional bonds,i have no problems talking,but trusting people is another matter)  but on top of that im relatively conservative in my views regarding dating and relationships (i would only date a girl im attracted towards,and with interest in a serious long term relationship)  so combined,means that im not interested in casual dating,but im kind of socially akward and emotional fuck up (wich makes me less desirable for long term serious relationships)  i wouldnt say ''all guys are now dicks''  i would say that dating scenario has become more casual and more of ''shotgun aproach'',date many people and by numbers game your are bound someone you click with,while gaining experience and maturing over how to deal with relations
I would not, and still have not put aside my morals just for a woman. It's their loss.
Move somewhere more civilized?  You're not going to fit in on the coasts or hipster urban areas but its a big country out there...
Yeah this is it right here. Most people are normal decent people. To most, those things are a prerequisite. This post feels very niceguy.tm
I need say no more you summed it up man. Was never asking for much... Just the bare minimum of respect Can’t even get that these days.   People think opening the door for somebody is akin to you giving them $1000 so they won’t do it because it’s too much. 🤡 world
Social media doesn’t help either because if somebody popular woman or man might say all men are this.  this person has a huge following so they have now set an image into 1 million or so people who follow them from their personal dating experience.   The problem with that is you’re Influencingpeople who haven’t even tried it yet and putting a bad taste in their mouth so when any guy trying to approach a woman to be more than a friend, She’s going to remember what that influencer told her and brush then to the side. Same with guys also but yeah.
I agree with this. I’m a guy of course but he just seems like bad news spreads faster than good and most women seem to already have the idea in their head that you’re going to be the same As everyone else
i dont have as much of an issue with the ''girls think i want to use them''     is more the fact they dont seek long term compromise (cant blame them,they are in the blossom of their youth with a life ahead of them)     casual dating culture,atomizes how people perceive lifetime,compromise becomes scary because it ''closes doors'' of oportunities permanently     all those nice guys/girls you could fuck or date with?,gone if you go for a serious relation     all that free time,single girl/guy activities,all those potential vacations places etc  &#x200B;  commitment turns (or better worded,is perceived as) into a burden that takes away potential opportunities on life, in the current dating culture,so seeking serious dating as a young person is kind of hard,even more if you are already kind of akward
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwrp39/why_cant_i_be_normal/
why do I have to have so many problems.  why can't I interact like a normal fucking human being, why does nobody like me, why does every attempt to socialize get trumped, like an invisible wall keeping me from having a normal social life.  and the one time I felt I could possibly start forming a social life, a fucking pandemic came in? like wtf, it feels personal at this point, like im not meant to live that kind of life.   and what am I doing about it? well theres nothing I can do right now, feeling sorry for myself isnt helping but it still feels good to vent  my life just feels predetermined, im going to live a certain way, and there's nothing I can do to prevent it
Relatable. My life was going so uphill before covid. Then it just wrecked everything and made me lose it all.
It is in my philosophy to believe that obstacles in our lives are given to us so we can overcome them, for it is in hardship and difficulty that progress and evolution can be made, and thus, wealth of soul. A person is always more beautiful, interesting and loveable when he struggled with many things and found a way to overcome them. With this point of view, why would I ask to be beautiful, popular, naturally charismatic? That's like taking the easy way and building yourself in an illusion of comfort. I actually pity those who had/have success in everything without struggle, because they never had/have opportunities to relativize on themselves, improve and evolve. Why would they?  Why would the popular, handsome kid seek to understand who he is, what he wants, how to be a better person? Why would he become a great artist, a great musician, a revolutionary scientist? He has no need to, for he is in an illusion of natural success, natural popularity. He has already everything. The one who struggled to become more charismatic, to become more intelligent, to become more handsome, can understand all the hardships it takes to get there, had plenty of time to search for himself, the futility of that kind of immediate pleasure, and most importantly, had the precious opportunity to build himself in depth, not only in surface. At the end of the day, don't we respect more the guy born without legs that makes it to national swimming competition, than the naturally born swimmer, who makes it to olympics without much efforts? You see my point. The same can be applied for standards of beauty, or charisma, or anything.  That's how I see things. There is always good in bad, bad in good. Hardships are made to be overcome, so we can grow stronger. The ones history remember are never those who had everything without efforts, but those who surpassed everything to attain their objectives. See difficulties as a blessing, an opportunity to improve and become **real**. There is no easy success, only hard ones. We get what we give, and when life throw difficulties at us, let us see them as blessings, for it is like quests with great rewards at the end.  I hope I've explained myself clearly enough, since I am not a native english speaker. Maybe I went a little too deep for a venting post lol, but I hope it can help you or somebody else in some way. I send you my deepest regards, friend! Cheers!
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwrfpz/im_20_never_had_a_boyfriend_i_want_someone_to/
Losing my mind,send help
I’m 22F and never had a boyfriend either. Well, i dont even have friends, i live away from my familly. I feel like i’ve never experienced a Real connection with another person. And i’m losing hope that I ever will... But i wish you The best OP
As someone that's older then you, you're still young and you still have a lot of life to live. Things can change drastically in a few years
I'm 20 and I feel like I lack direction sometimes. I'd say you still have time to work it out so don't worry too much.   That said I'm losing my mind too so DM me if you wanna
If this violates the rules please delete.   I didn’t have sex until age 23, I’m a girl for reference. I felt like I was too fat, ugly, and weird to ever attract a guy. What I realized later was I was in so much self doubt, that I didn’t even realize I had any opportunities. Even when people were trying to hit on me, I was so insecure that I couldn’t pick up on it.   The biggest things that helped were.  1. Smiling and being friendly/flirtatious with everyone. Not in a sexual way. But if someone is wearing something I like I tell them. “ Hey that’s a nice shirt” and so on. Just leave it there. This works better with women who hit on guys because guys aren’t used to being hit on.   2. Finding thing I like about myself physically. In the beginning was things like a triangle shaped scar in my fingernail, it was that hard. Now there’s are all sorts of things I like about me.   3. Finding hobbies and interest I like. This one is a honey trap for potential bfs/gfs. The more obscure the better. If I meet another 30ish year old or above that knows the difference between Dick Sargent and Dick York, it’s an instant possibility.   4. If you have friends of the same gender as partner preference enlist them. I’m the best wingman because I speak “girl” and I know all my nerdy dorky friends best qualities. If I see a girl that’s their type and shares their interest and going to sell them harder than a used car. This works better for guys than girls.   5. This first time is the hardest. After I broke the ice it was so much easier. Now I feel like I get more attention than I deserve physically. I’m still fat, I’m 32 with acne, I never stopped being a nerd. But I get hit on pretty often. If I can do it so can you.  6. This is the capstone. Don’t go into this with a scarcity mindset. There are literally billions of people out there. Don’t fixate on a select few. Don’t be afraid of getting shot down. In fact be bold as if getting shot down was it’s own reward.   Good luck and Godspeed
I'm 25 and have only ever been in non-serious or abusive relationships. The closest to a \*real\* relationship I had was my past one but there was still a lot of petty bullshit involved so IDK. Part of me just wants to drop all the dating apps and just shell out for a prostitute so I don't have to deal with it.
[removed]
You just have to distract yourself with some hobbies. Don't sweat it, it'll happen sooner or later.
I'm 21 and pretty much in the same boat as you. It feels like the world is crushing me and I don't really have a way out. I just have to endure it and pray it gets better somehow, I guess. I'm trying to get into medical school so there's all the pressure that comes with that and ofc the pressure for getting into a relationship. I have friends, but I hardly feel like I can vent openly, and I have a poor relationship with my family so I don't really have an emotional crutch except for myself.   If you ever feel like venting about something you can shoot me a DM
How many people have you asked out? I wish you luck!
[removed]
When I'm around strangers or Acquaintances, I for some reason retreat and become shy. People say "put yourself out there" or "be confident," but I find it extremely hard throughout my childhood and teen years. Until a few years ago, at 18, the doctors told me why I struggle to be social. Im autistic.  Even if I wanted a boyfriend or girlfriend (recently found out I was bi or bi-romantic) I would just retreat and act like a timid kid.
You wanna chat? About anything. If you want someone to lean on, I guess.  20 is still young, don't stress it.
Life is not necessarily made to be lived alone, that's why the loneliness consumes us so much.
20? My sweet summer child,im 34,never had anyone and i dont know any other way.
I have no advice to give. I'm 29M, never had a girlfriend, and at this point I've pretty much given up hope of ever experience romance. I'll be always alone and sad.
I’m here for you. And if I was a boy I’d be in your inbox. Alas I’m a girl. And I feel you platonically.  Sometimes a hookup is only good for the cuddles after.
Maybe add more context. How many people you have liked throughout life (do you have an old on-going crush), how people many have you approached, how many rejections you faced etc etc. I am sure other people may be curious as well, besides me.
I’m 20M and I’ve never had a girlfriend. I’ve lost over 120lbs, and I’ve still never even kissed someone before. It just means you have subconscious high standards for who you get feelings for and you haven’t yet found someone that you can be compatible with. I think we’ve just got to put ourselves out there and be the best you you can be. Try to take comfort in the fact that there are others out there like you of both genders. Your future SO might be thinking they’ll never find someone either at the same time your thinking it. Just relax and enjoy not knowing when it will come with the comfort that it will come. If you want to talk to someone and we can vent to each other, then feel free to message me.
[removed]
But you can... cause, I mean, you are..  It helps if you remember that. If you have to break it all the way down and take it literally just one moment at a time.
Exactly
Hasn't yet:(
None,had a few guys ask me out and then they just lost interest:(
Imagine getting hookups lol
[deleted]
If you muster up courage and start asking some guys out, I think you might have a much more luck. As a guy, I would be super happy if a girl asked me out. It has never happened yet.
It sounds good until you’ve done it a few times and you start to resent the emptiness inside when you come back home alone. You’re still alone but you got to pretend for an hour or so. No cuddling because you’re there to fuck and leave. So idk. Not all it’s cracked up to be I’m afraid.
Nothing in my post had anything to do with sex at all...???  And that's exactly the point i was making. Yes, you're lonely, yes it's difficult, but to say you can't handle it isn't exactly true, bc you already are. Nothing lasts forever and don't undercut yourself. If somebody worthy comes along, great. If not, you're going to be strong enough in the future to deal with shit bc you're strong enough now to deal with shit. And again, sometimes you just gotta take it a moment at a time, but again, don't undercut the strength you already have.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwm89g/fa_trait_you_only_have_like_7_contacts_in_your/
All I’ve got is my mom, dad, grandma, sisters, and two friends that I managed to keep in touch with since highschool.
Or the other version: Having a normal amount of contacts but 95% of them are from long ago and wouldn't even know who I am anymore.
I've got 4
I have many contacts but the last time I got a text from someone who isn't family or a bot was last February
Well it depends on culture. Because of the culture I have a lot of contacts (about 500) on the phone through work and college. I don't speak to 95% of them. The ones I do are family, few male friends and my boss. Numbers mean shit...
I have 3: my mother, father, and brother
No contacts.
14 facebook friends, 10 phone contacts - one of them is my dentist, five of them are current and former coworkers, three are family members. Only one number belongs to a friend, but we haven' talked in years, I just kept his number, hoping he'd call, but of course he never did.   Honestly, if we were living in the pre-smartphone era, I probably wouldn't even bother wasting money on those things.
I have so many contacts on my phone of people that I'm sure I'll never speak to again though.
My phone syncs contacts from everywhere. But I don't talk to 90% of them.
Let me count:  Mom  Dad  Brother  ~~Grampa~~  Dealer  Whataburger  Collin  *Yeah seems about right*
I've got 4.
I have like 11 but i only speak to half of them regularly,3 out of the 6 are my family
I’m at 14—-mostly work contacts.
I've got you beat in numbers. I have 3 therapists, 2 doctors, my mechanic, my work, my pharmacy, and my dentist in my contacts list.
basically true except I have my 2 friends, my dead father, a professor from college and a few of my dad's friends
Yup that sums it up😐
So true, I have 7 contacts. 4 is familiar the rest is medical related.
I'd be right around there if I removed all my work contacts.
Excluding online friends and family members I think I have only talked to 1 friend. I hate how COVID has had no affect on my life except from losing my (probably dream) job and getting a shitty one.
Last premium phone I get. All i have a is 600 dollar paperweight in my pocket. I could have the same for way less pay
I dont even have a phone
I've got like 25 contacts but it's all family or from my old job...  And no none of them talk to me
I don’t even like that many people.
I've got two. Mom and dad. That's it.
I've got 3, my mom, my dad and my old friend from primary school
Fat version: having the normal amount of contacts, but most of them are restaurants.
This. I have 200+ and I only actually communicate with like a quarter of them, if that
Same.
Surgery or specs?
>I just kept his number, hoping he'd call, but of course he never did.   Yo I kept my FB account open longer than I should have for this exact reason. I had hoped that any one of my 'friends' on there would some day message me again but it ain't ever gonna happen, everyone's moved on.
Hey I have the same number.
diablo devs hate him
That's still 50 people you communicate with.
Most of them are family (have a total of 17 aunts and uncles from both parents) but my point was that It doesn’t really matter how many you have, most of it is just fluff anyway
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwu5ki/when_i_smile_at_people_they_act_weirded_out/
Some examples I smile at some people and they turn their head away and look weirded out. Another example is before my presentastion and I smiled at this girl because why not im a straight female so it nothing romantic and then she turned to her friend's and was like did she smile at me? and then talked about how it was weird that I smiled at her. Everybody is so mean to me they roll their eyes at me both the students and the teachers and gossip about me in front of me and my friend will never invite me anywhere being alone is the worst.
People are bitter and pieces of shit. This happens to me often as well.. too many awful people in this world
I'm sorry that sounds awful, I don't understand why people are like that :(
Here~ have a virtual hug! ╰(*´︶`*)╯
yeah it's a terrible feeling when you try to be nice to others and then they treat you like dirt
I can relate. Sorry to hear that brother.
Yeah I've learned that the hard way more than once. Makes it that much harder to even try anymore, you know?
Those are the people who should be forced to watch Joker till they get the message.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwpf05/recommended_tinder_to_a_new_friend/
Met  a guy half a year ago, was a friend of a friend. Either way, we kinda  played games and stuff. So, girls came as a topic. He asked me if I  managed to get a GF, I told him I didn't. He said he isn't lucky either  as we're in a pandemic and such.  So,  I basically recommended Tinder to the guy and he was almost disgusted  by the idea. Tinder? Me? I'm not so low in life. So, I don't want to  degrade the guy, but he is fat, into WWI and horned helmets too much and  a bit weird. But he is a good guy, no doubt. Deserves happiness.  So,  the guy basically messages me a few days later that he is chatting up  some chick and they're ready to meet. I asked him where the hell did he  meet her, he says Tinder. The legend shows me their private messages and  the chick is EXCITED to meet him. Either way, they're meeting up the  upcoming saturday.  How  can I be cool with this? How can I not hate the guy? He installed  Tinder and used it for 2 days minimum and has already a chick carving  for him. How come I only have 2 likes from 2 chicks 350 kilometers away  and no new updates for months, while this guy hooks up with a girl in  matter of 48 hours?  Was  I really cursed? Is this a sign that I shouldn't waste my time and just  accept being alone and dying alone? I don't know. I feel bad for hating  on the guy, but come on....
Try your best to stay friends with him.    Honestly, I ended up ghosting most of my friends because I couldn’t bear to see them in happy relationships.    It just hurt too much.
At least your friend is getting somewhere. Would you be happy if she ghosts him?
Damn. Mad props to that guy. No clue how he got it either.
[deleted]
Maybe he got lucky, it can happen. Kind of like how you look for Pokémon in grass and stumble onto a shiny Pokémon early in the game, sometimes you just get lucky.
If you consider him your friend, then be happy for him, of course is normal to feel jealous that he got a date and you don't.  I'm jealous of my best friend that he's having a good relationship with his woman and he's finally got a house with her while I'm stuck at my mom's house due to the pandemic and my apartment has not being built yet and I'm single. But we still talk, play video games and I mildly joke about dating his sister-in-law.
Well, if you didn’t spend money on the app your profile is low in the algorithm by now. You should delete and recreate your account after a couple months.  Also never tie any of your self worth into an app, it’s an artificial environment, and it’s set up to make money, not help you.
No, quite the opposite. I bear him no ill will. But how did this guy managed to get lucky whithin 48 hours on the app while I'm here for months. Why don't I get such luck? I'm just tired, man...
Exactly. I shouldn't.   But why does it work for him and not for me?
Consider rewording the following:  > He installed Tinder and used it for 2 days minimum  Note that he had big noob energy its all new and exciting whereas OP is a disenchanted old timer.  To some extent meeting people is a grind game where the more time you put in the more you get out.  Its entirely possible OP is tired of failure on tinder and spends 5 minutes a day, whereas the noob friend was hyper excited and burned 16 hours across two days because the whole experience is new new new.  Lets say purely for the sake of easy math, that it takes ten hours of grinding on tinder to meet someone.  Well at 8 hrs/day noob friend is going to meet someone every other day, but at 5 mins/day it'll take OP roughly three months calendar time to meet someone.  I'm both certain that's not the only effect, and also certain its a contributing effect.
It could be just as you say, luck. Can’t control it you can only increase your chancces
Is he more attractive than you? & have you seen his profile/pics?
Yep, but honestly the tinder algorithm with show new people more and you have increased chances of a match early. Then it dries up and stops showing your profile as much. This is so people will buy tinder premium. The side effect for people like OP is damaged self confidence.
It's unrealistic for me to think that anyone is less attractive than me, and I really don't want to put the guy down. But he is fat, has a funny hairstyle and gets kinda weird in conversations. But he is a good man, a good friend and all. I haven't seen his profile pics he used on Tinder. I just keep thinking how he did it.
Tinders a really shallow app (well all online dating is). I have a feeling it might just be a matter of attraction but have you deleted your account since you’ve made it? I know tinder gives new accounts a boost of some sort. I’d try making a new account and see if your results change. Maybe you were unlucky/your pics or bio werent great when you initially made your account.
Everyone wants to be with someone they are attracted to, that includes physically. Tinder isn't any different for that.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwa8ip/just_had_my_first_real_kiss_at_31/
I meet a girl on hinge a couple weeks ago. We have gone on 3 dates so far. First was to a restuarnt, second was to watch a movie at her house, 3rd date (which was tonight) she came over to my apartment and I cooked her a meal and we played some VR games. At the end, I walked her out to her car, gave her a hug and just went in for a kiss and we stood there and made out for a little bit.   First real kiss I've ever had and I'm 31. I say real because I kissed a legal prostitute in Nevada and made out with a random girl once at a bar, both happened when I was 27. So I don't really count those.  No point of this post, I'm not trying to brag, I just needed to share with someone. I feel like I'm on top of the world! This girl seems to really like me. Ive never had this feeling before.  EDIT/UPDATE: We've been texting a little bit today. We now have 2 more dates planned for this Saturday and Sunday. For the Saturday date, she specifically said she wanted to come over again to try out more VR games and  to make out.
Nice dude, hope it turns out well for you in the long run!
Congratulations man... hoping that you get out of this group asap 😁👍
Why don't you count making out with a girl at a bar?
Congrats! Here's to many more kisses in the future 🍻 :)
Congrats man..im happy for you..
What happened after the kiss? What did you/her say? Was it awkward?
That's great!
just a warning and that is don't let your infatuation and loneliness interfere with your judgment on her as its so easy to do when you are desperate. Get pre-martial counseling if you ever get to the point of engagement as its the best money you will ever spend
Happy for you, op!
Cute, happy for you
Good man...  >I feel like I'm on top of the world! This girl seems to really like me. Ive never had this feeling before.  And they say "A gF iS NoT gOnNa MaKe YoU HaPpY"
Congrats bro!! Proud of ya
Good for you!  Hoping for the best!
So proud of you!
Poggers
I'm so happy for you! The positive cycle of affection is now initiated. Things will get easier in the love department from here on out.
That's great! I'm so happy for you! I hope this develops into something nice for you! 3rd date is honestly a great place to be.  Anyway, I understand not counting making out with a prostitute. Paying to kiss/sleep with someone doesn't really feel like it's happened. It isn't as rewarding. Kissing girls in clubs though, I always count those lol, otherwise, it'd be a veeerrry long time since my last kiss. At least right now, it's... thinking about it, 2.5 years since my last proper kiss is a long time.
Still haven't had a real kiss either when you look at it this way. (I'm 30)  I did kiss a random girl at a bar on newyears 2019 when I was 29.  Only other time Was at a party when I was 18 this girl forced herself on me.  My sister's friend who brought this girl said not to hook up with her because she hooked up with someone who was known to have an STD but my other friend who was also a virgin at the time hooked up with her and he turned out fine or so he told me.  He's still my best friend to this day and I think he would have told me if he caught something from her.  I'm still a virgin and thinking back it would have been so easy to just hook up with that chick.  It was actually harder to not hook up with her than to hook up.  I'm still salty about  it to this day because no opportunities like that have ever came up again.  I could have not been a 19 year old virgin and had this issue behind me.  It gets harder to date, get close to people and hook up as you get older because girls stop going out partying and getting drunk.  They now want to have deep conversations and really get to know you.  I basically have a mental disorder and don't really have deep thoughts if that makes any sense.     I'm still waiting for that real kiss.  Congrats and wish you many more fun dates and a happy love life.
Yes!!!! I'm so happy for you this genuinely made me laugh. Wishing the absolute best for the both of you! :D
You won't be casting spells for much longer sir
Wow! Keep it up! It was temporarily alone after all!
Great for you!
You did it. You crazy son of a bitch. You did it.
Good. Treat her and yourself well, dude.
That's great news! Congrats and good luck moving forward with her.
Those other kisses count, my friend. Sounds like this is the first one fueled by emotions though. Funny how swapping a little spit with the right person can make you feel more alive than ever before
Attah boi now get off this sub before it’s too late lol
Honestly I've been hearing good things about hinge in people having luck finding a date. Happy for you bro.
After being ignored for so long, it feels amazing when someone like you, experiencing similar at the moment at the ripe old age of 46!
congratulations!!!!
i'am 31 and 2 months kissless.Did i beat your record?
No sarcasm whatsoever, but I am super fucking happy for you dude! I hope the dates and the good times continue for you.
That's freaking awesome, I'm happy for you.  I'm very similar, age, and experience wise to you, had the kiss with a random girl in a club, the kiss with an escort,  not the "real" kiss yet but already did feel like I was on top of the world when I was making out with the random girl so I can only imagine how nice that would be.
It is good to see a success story once in a while. I only hope one day I will get a chance as well.
Anyone who escapes FA after 30 gets me happier than normal for someone escaping being FA because after 30 your odds go down. It's nice to hear this guy escaping FA.
Congratulations.
You are an incredibly lucky man. Most men of your age who have never kissed never get the chance.
Dude, if a chick comes round to your house, sex is practically guaranteed, how did it not escalate?
drunk perhaps?
We were both really drunk. And she waa a complete stranger that approached me and initiated the makeout session.. I never talked to her before or after it happened.  Maybe a better way to say what happened last night was its my first meaningful kiss
I wouldn't count it either
Picking up a drunk chick being drunk yourself is not much different to a prostitute. A kiss is not really real without love behind it.
It was kinda awkward. I didn't know what to say or how long to kiss. She said something but I can't remember what. She then offered to drive me back to my apartment because she parked a couple blocks away.
Facts
Hopefully, but personally it didn't work that way for me.
I didn't even hear about hinge till like 3 weeks ago. Ive mostly used bumble before. But I remember seeing some comments in a post on /r/bumble that talked positively about hinge. One comment really stuck out to me basically said "you'll find your sole mate within 1 week or the hinge algorithm will be complete trash after that week". That comment motivated me to try it just for 1 week.   I dont want to say this girl is my solemate yet cause its still very early, but we matched within 2 days and went on our first date within 1 week of downloading the app.  And we have quite a bit in common like hobbies, fav music, fav food, fav TV shows, life goals/aspirations, we're both introverted, etc.   So far the first half of that comment about hinge has decent potential to come true.
I respectfully disagree with your second sentence, but it does sound like he is a lucky man indeed
it didn't escalate because this isn't the movie you learned that from. sorry man, real life is quite different
I was thinking it would, but I didn't know how to escalate it to that. And she didn't make a move on me. But I think hugging her goodbye was a good chance to make my first move and kiss her. When we were at her place on the 2nd date, after the movie finished we were chatting a little bit on her couch. I thought that was a good time to go in for a kiss but I chickened out.
Drunk certainly
First meaningful kiss makes more sense. You can't just pretend the earlier kiss didn't really count. Well you can, but it it would be silly to do so.
What if it’s someone you know and you both happen to be a little drunk and it led to sex? Do you still count is a kiseless virgin?
Great for you, perhaps she was expecting to have sex with you, since coming to someone apartment is quite big move.
I was thinking that. She was also wearing a pretty low cut shirt and showing cleavage, which she didn't do on the first 2 dates. I just didn't know how to escalate it and make a move inside my apartment. But also it being winter and in a pandemic, date ideas are pretty limited.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwufzn/daily_dose_of_venting_why_do_you_think_you_are/
I will start every post with this, if you want someone to talk to, Id like to have one too. Message me and we can see if it turns into a good friendship. Take care and enjoy my post, or hate it, whatever you like.  &#x200B;  I ask this to myself not so often, nor am I obsessed with this, but I always find myself saying "why am I single?" or "Why do I not have a good friend? just one?". Im curious what this communities thoughts are on this and how they compare to your reasons. So here it goes from number one priority to least:  1. Demographic of area. I can barely even find people my age. No its not  a case of "Youre not looking in the right places, go downtown!!" Ive done it. Ive done it more than several times. Nobody to be found, I live in Florida and its mostly older folks. 2. Lack of interest, similarity, and all things related. It doesnt matter how hard you try, sometimes you cant find someone who is even 10 percent in agreement or even 10 percent your taste. I cannot seem to find ANYONE who has any semblance of individualism, critical thinking, independent lifestyles. You know what I mean. Im not extreme or anything, I just want someone genuine, normal. This is hard to find these days. 3. A massive amount of people whos lives revolve around memes, social media, television, and all things superficial.  These are my biggest three. Its hard to find normal people these days, because most have been conditioned, and Im sure even me to some extent.   What are your thoughts? Not on my situation, I know my situation, but yours. Im curious, what are you guys going through? What do you feel is holding you back? Let me know, take care folks.
1. I’m a single mom. The only men who seem to want single moms are either child molesters or leaches.  1. I’m fat.  3. I can’t count it seems.
I’m ugly, boring, and unapproachable because of poor social skills. I live in the middle of nowhere and have very insular hobbies. I also have a very low social battery so I barely get out anywhere, and if I do I have absolutely nowhere to go or anything to do.
Boring, nothing in common with others, can't connect to others.
I'm lonely based off of looks and ethnicity as well as sub par social skills.
1. I'm shy. Or socially anxious. I don't know what's the difference. That's what has been holding me back on a lot of things in life. I don't know what to talk about really with a stranger or anyone except people that are close to me. When i observe other people it just comes natural to them. No shyness, no anxiety. Though i have improved compared to a few years ago.  2. Appearance. Might be average, give or take. I'm an average height, hair is kinda thinning out but no so much, Diastema (space between teeth), a little bit overweight and skinnyish where my fat doesn't show (arms mostly). My poor choice of clothes. To have a good wardrobe you need energy, time and/or a lot of money.   3. Personality. Now i try to as decent as i can, but often in the past i've had bursts of anger, throwing verbal attacks at someone. Lost some chances for new friendships and potentionally would have been relationships. I guess i thought i was entitled to a lot of things. I've acceptes that i'm not.  That's all i can think off this moment.
I'm perceived as quite and boring but when I get to know someone personally, then this barrier is overcome.   The problem is no one is waiting around that long to develop a relationship.
Well: 1. Ugly 2. Boring 3. Stupid
I'm shy, I'm autistic, and I find it hard to connect with people who I want to become friends with. When it comes to friendships it's others who approach me not me approaching them.
Covid. Trying to be responsible and staying home is not compatible with an effervescent social life. Digital alternatives for meeting up can’t compete and expanding your circle is almost impossible. There may be more impediments but that’s the big one now, and until I get the vaccine.
For me it’s trauma related. I don’t trust people enough to interact with them. I also have so many issues related to people that I just avoid it. Insecurities play into it as well.   Location is another factor. I’m a transplant from a diverse, huge city area now living in a very white, small town area.
I’m extremely asocial, socially anxious, shy, and when I was still in HS people would say I have a hard look, so I probably look like a serial killer too.(always wore dark clothing with hoods covering my face cause of insecurity). I also lost out on the genetic lottery(receeded chin, round face, large nose, balding at 17), and I’m very nihilistic.  Now that I named all of it I can see why no one wants me
It’s because I’m at a massive disadvantage in the dating world, plain and simple. I’m very short, on the spectrum, introverted, and average looking at best.   If I were a 5 ft 10 neurotypical male, I wouldn’t be here. I’d have probably had a girlfriend or even several by now, who knows? Maybe even be engaged or married.    So the reason I’m FA, a lot of that is due to factors outside of my control.
On a scale of importance, I’d name 6. I’m 25 years old  1. Extreme anxiety...social and general. Every second inside my mind is torture basically. I spend it worrying what others will think of me, whether I’m in public or in private. There is no person I can be around (including my parents and brother whom I love dearly) where I do not fear judgement. I guess that’s why I love dogs.  2. Missing out on formative experiences. I had a solid group of male friends in high school, but I never had a single female friend nor approached any women. Part of this may be being a late bloomer puberty wise. I spent my years in college locked in my dorm and the library. Didn’t go to a single party or make anything more than acquaintances. Worked a dead end job for 3 years and lived with my parents after. Tl;dr, I’ve wasted a good 8 years of my life. Dating is kinda a catch 22 if you don’t have these experiences.  3. Inability to maintain friendships. I make good first impressions and do surprisingly well at things like job interviews considering my anxiety. I run out of things to say after meeting people more than a couple of times. I have 3 solid friends left at this point.  4. Overbearing parents. I love my parents a lot and know they have only meant the best to me. But they’ve known I have serious issues for a while and are very watchful over my social life. For this reason I was always afraid to bring friends, or girls over to my house if it came to that. I can talk with my parents about almost anything, but I can’t bring up my social life with them.  5. Appearance. Uglier guys than me have been with women. I’m a 5/10. But being a 5/10 doesn’t nearly make up for the litany of problems I have. I’m pretty thin and exercise a lot but my face is blander than bland.   6. Low-grade alcoholism. One of the only ways I can feel happy is by drinking, which is why I do it. Alcohol doesn’t interfere with my work, and I get what needs to done though my drinking is probably on the heavier side. I really enjoy getting wasted and when I do I say things that are commonly taken the wrong way.
I have no idea. There is nothing physically wrong with me. I am 29 years old. I'm poor, that's one thing. But I also don't care about the other person's financial situation and I myself am independent and pay rent for a small place of my own every month. I get by with quite some effort, but I manage. I honestly don't think I'm that horrible, I have my strong suits and my flaws, like everyone else. I see people around me who have it worse and someone wanted them nonetheless. The only 2 people who showed interest in me in 2020 were seriously damaged, and I mean that. I haven't had a healthy, decent person like me in a long time.
1. I'm shy, I only really start talking or having a conversation when I feel confident enough, which deter some women.  2. Maybe my interests are not on the same page as women in my country, they all want to go to parties, listen to crappy music, gossiping and shit like that. I like being at home, either cooking or playing videogames, educating myself about new tech and stuff, watching anime, listen to rock/metal/alternative music, among other stuff.  3. My physique, women here want men like 1.8m tall, I'm almost 1.6m and not that fat, but kinda chubby (I was going to the gym before the pandemic happened so I lost some weight), some women say I'm good looking but I don't know, some want fucking Channing Tatum or smthing.  4. Overbearing mom, she wants the best of me but damn she wants to control my life, and have all my attention to her, which is sometimes stressful.  5. My personal likings, I think I'm too picky too, I mean I don't have higher standards for the perfect woman, but I guess I have a preference for thin girls, all of my exes have been thin/skinny...
Dude number two and three hit so close to home. I honestly wish I could see more older,mature women, I seem to get along with them better.   But who am I kidding, like my milf fetish is ever gonna get fulfilled.
Your first point is pretty much me. I see them talk and things come so normally to them. When I get an opportunity, I get awkward and dont understand what to do. I get confused where to look when talking to people.  Also, I speak horribly with strange people.
Ah bro, I get the anger issues these days since lockdown.
I feel that bursts of anger and getting irritated and small things are byproducts of our lifestyle. Probably is more common than not here.
Gotcha, I can get that. I hope you have better luck moving forward but id be lying to you if I said things are going to be easy. Either way, best of luck. Keep pushing forward.
Indeed.
I can relate to a lot of that. Seems like everyone around me that has a relationship is so much worse than me in many areas, yet they seem to have the luck I dont have. Im 24, been single for six and a half years. Any girl I went on a date with in college just wanted sex. It got to the point where I started telling them to leave and Im not looking to hook up.   We dont have the best dating culture right now. I have my shit together, I know my value. That usually helps me get through a day where I feel lonely. I havent even found anyone my age in the past year.
haha Youd be surprised man. I recently got a new job and an older woman, not too older just 10 years, was into me. However, she seemed to be the same yet had the facade of someone who was "different and special".  Either way, I thought most of these would click with all you guys. There seems to be some pretty basic factors that play against us sometimes. I hate that most think the case is there is something wrong with us, thats completely untrue. I believe this community has some of the best people out there, thats why they are alone, they are different.
Yea I mean I can't relate with most of the posts here claiming to explain to us why we are lonely.   Yours however, can totally relate.  Also damn you're lucky as shit, can't say I would've turned down.  I relate with you on the not relating to anyone part, but I've never ever been asked out. I think I'd give a shot, even if she's too "normie" (i hate that word these days) to me.   Def would've tried with an older woman lol.
For sure. What drives me nuts, and Im not claiming everyone is like this, but I see a massive swarm of redditors claiming they are autistic and blame their problems on that. I just dont buy it.   Not ALL obviously but a good amount. Its a prevalent trend Ive noticed just like depression and other mental illnesses.  I could blame my loneliness on my mental issues, but thats not what it is. It just isnt.   Glad to hear your feedback, and Im very happy people are using this forum/platform like its supposed to be used.
Ah yea, the autistic thing, I've heard that a lot. Lotta people on here told me that I might be autistic too lol.   &#x200B;  I don't know what this platform is supposed to be used for lol. I feel like most people don't understand my problem. Even on here.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwpv9i/just_disappointed/
In high school, only one girl ever seemed to have an interest in me. She got expelled so I didn’t see her for many years. When I talked to her a few weeks ago, I suggested meeting up. She said “I want to, but there’s a lockdown so we can’t.” Reasonable excuse.  Just saw today that she actually doesn’t give a shit about lockdowns or social distancing. She still regularly has parties in her house. She lied because she’s had enough of me.  Just venting here. I’m not kidding when I say there isn’t now a single girl who looks at me and wants to talk to me. I’m just a weirdo.
Whyd she get expelled?
It seems like you're beating yourself up over one girl, and that's not fair to you at all. Sure, she might have been the only girl to have interest, but she doesn't sound very nice. With her being expelled for God knows what and partying during a deadly pandemic, I'd imagine that even if you guys started dating she wouldn't have been a healthy girlfriend to have.   Besides, you say she's the only one who liked you...what about the girls who never spoke up? The ones who were too shy to say anything? That's a possibility, right? How many times have you seen someone you liked but didn't approach them? That could be happening to you right now, some other people have interest but weren't ready- which is something you can't control.  Point is, try not to set any value on who you are as a person based on one poor experience. There's a long life you can life and a lot can occur very quickly. Don't lose hope and be proud of what you got. I'm sure you're a lovely young man who just needs a bit more confidence, and the right girl will notice that and appreciate you for it.
You’re better off. I know it seems counterintuitive but it’s true.
Honestly you are better off without that kind of shit man. You deserve better.
Yea it is harder when they are dishonest and hypocritiacal.
Wow that girl was being dick
zoomers are fucking dumb
Thanks for the advice 👍
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwqkil/have_people_treated_you_differently_after_finding/

Not really, I had some dumb co-worker say to me, “don’t be a 40 year old virgin“, to which I said “that doesn’t mean a damn thing to this man”, and it doesn’t.  Oh sure, when I was in basic training I got made fun of somewhat but 9 times out of ten people just like “whatever“.  Fortunately for me I work in the Chaplain Corp so I often get admiration rather than scorn, one or two Muslim guys thought I was out of my mind though, just different cultures thats all.
On a positive note I told one of my close friends. He gave me a hug and said it was ok. Continued being friends after.
I don't talk about it.
Women basically got the furthest away possible.  "He's 25 and a virgin, wow, he must be some sort of psycho."
Nobody really knows i guess. At least i've never directly told anyone. I would be too ashamed of myself. Maybe they can sense it anyway.
When I told the only girl I ever dated for a longer period of time, she firstly reacted with a moment of shock and disbelieve, but if I remember correctly, our conversation didn't really change after that, despite her stating, that she wanted to take my virginity, but sex had been the premise under which I even opened up about the topic, though we never came to make it happen due to reasons better not discussed on the internet.  When I told my best friend, that I thought, that I would end up FA, she reacted like she reacts to this day, when I feel bad about myself - telling me I am "attractive, funny", and that she thinks, I  would make a very caring, cute and overall good boyfriend and she would kill me, if I ever acted on those thoughts, selling myself below my value" until I start believing this myself and feel better. Apart from these situations she also started pointing out good aspects of my personality or style more often and telling me, when girls were randomly checking me out on the street or sth to show me, that it was only my own mind holding me back.   My friends mostly heard of my issues in the Form of a PowerPoint I made, when I was 16, where I predicted, that I would basically be a life long virgin. One half, thought it was a joke and found it hella funny and the other half told me, I should stop talking shit about myself and after that returned to normal.   Tl;Dr: Mostly no and if so, only in a positive way.   When I
It's usually obvious within the first 2 minutes of being around me. Sometimes online people see it as a dumb chance to deflower someone
The one friend I do have doesn't care.  Don't really know anyone else so never experienced people reacting in other ways. Which I guess is lucky.
Yep.
Yes, they do sadly. Maybe not to a big extent, but you definitely feel it. They won't say it directly to your face. I'm young but i imagine the older you get, the more weirded out other people are.  And it really shouldn't fucking matter.
I wouldn't say people treated me differently, but telling them I'm a virgin does have its perks. I'm a woman in her early 20s with some tig ol bitties, so people naturally assume I've gotten laid thousands of times. That's not me being stuck up, people have literally told me that. "What? But you're so beautiful! Not even a bj?!" Nope. No sex. BJ, hand J, PB&J. Not even a first kiss. I can't really explain it; it just never happened. So, when I do bring up my virginity people are in awe that someone who fits society's idea of beauty can't find a man to make her feel good. Life's not that easy, folks. It's not enough to have good looks, you need to be charming too- and that's the part I struggle with due to my social anxiety!
I learned to laugh with it. I don't think it is worth getting mad over anymore.
Why would you even disclose something like that?
100%
You have good friends
What are you referring to?
If you're older than me (older gen-x) then basic training was single sex only.  If younger than me Basic Training would have been coed.  I went thru single sex basic and there wasn't any sex or sex discussion for two months, but I imagine coed basic must have a lot of sex during FTX week, guard duty, pretty much any time the drill sgts turn around.
Being a virgin?
Why does it matter?  I mean I don’t walk around with a neon sign or wave a multicolored flag or advertisement, or anything, but if someone asks me about it there is no reason for me to lie about it.     My boss does not care, as long as I do my job, my parents don’t care, and I don’t give a damn what people who have no impact, influence, or control over my life (everyone else) think about me being a virgin.
[${URL}] https://imgur.com/a/74DlbdB

Basically how it feels.
How about some skull drilling - [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trepanning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trepanning) ? If you haven't tried that then you cannot say you really tried.  /sarcasm
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwp6dw/how_do_you_learn_to_be_a_bit_more_selfish/
I care so much about other people, but it’s never actually reciprocated. I make an effort to remember important dates, support others and just.. generally make them feel special. I never really sought reciprocation, but as I find myself struggling more and more I realise that no one cares.   These are the same people who I won’t hear from for days until they need something. I’m lucky to get a “how are you”. I wish someone would make me playlists and send me songs that remind them of me. Or maybe want to call and spend some time with me when I’m feeling low. Not because they feel obligated to, but because they want to. In the end, I’m forgotten.  And I’m hurting myself trying to make other people feel seen.
I'm sorry that's happening to you.      I don't think I can give a good advice but here I go... Remember that you're first than anyone else, then you're second, then third, THEN the rest of the people comes last.      Remember when people ghost you until they need something for you and don't give a damn about their needs, I know that sounds messed up, but that builds your selfish meter.      Keep hydrated, selfishness is a tiring process.      Don't try to like everybody you meet, and don't expect everybody to like you either, as my mama says: 'nobody's born a golden coin to like everybody, some like silver'      My last advice, don't expect anything from anyone, sounds harsh but it's better this way.      NOW, don't stop being yourself, you're a nice person so don't stop being nice, just be selective to whom you're nice with :)
Although is hard to provide meaningful advice without knowing your circumstances, I'd say you're been too available to the wroy people.  The care you offer to others you want it reciprocated and no everyone does that, more over, you're not entitled to that I say.  But if you want that to be reciprocated you should try to find other people who would do the same.  Try to keep things balanced, I used to be very available to people, now I have to keep reminding myself witch is not good either
I struggle with this also, so I will dispense some advice. Firstly don't be available all the time. I k ow it is difficult to do, but with practice you will in no time get in the habit. If people text you asking for help, just say you are unavailable. Do it in a nice way, but don't apologize. Something along the lines of "I have so much on my plate, I am unable to help you move the furniture from your old place to your new pad. Good luck on your move".   There-done! I know a part of you will fight to help but you have to break the habit.  Always put your needs first, if other people's needs are are going to be in your way, then you don't help them. Take care of YOUR priorities and then maybe sometimes help others.
Try not being a simp
What exactly does that mean?
that's the 2020-2021 word, simps are referred to the guys who want the girls to get their attention by any means, that's paying them stuff and such.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kx0jns/a_poem_for_you_all_as_we_enter_the_new_year/
California New Year  As we come back around to the new year many single people reach their peak annual loneliness. It is in January that winter has mostly set in and they can see a clear path to spring. It’s a time that we as a species are hardwired to instinctively search for a mate. In animal life, it’s less about procreation and more about shelter in place for winter. If it happened to be a male-female combination then and another hardwired instinct kicks in and come spring “Bam!” baby whatever’s. So as we sit at home, many of us alone or without a partner, I implore you to focus on that spring horizon. Things will get better.
Great is the weapon that cuts on it's own
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwdaby/neighbors_having_loud_sex_makes_you_feel_lonelier/
I live alone in my apartment. I have a neighboring couple. Starting a little around christmas time, I hear them having sex almost every other night or so. Their volume has been steadily going up as well. Initially it was funny and interesting. But now I just feel terrible and lonelier than ever hearing them have so much sex.
Ouch brother that's rough
I get to hear my neighbors partying and having fun like normal people my age, the real loneliness only sinks when my roommate has company and I try my damnedest to not hear anything cause I know it’ll shatter me and it already keeps me up wondering what’s wrong with me
Oof. Time to pound the door and tell them to keep it down!
Ugh, I dealt with that last year except they were above me. To make matters worse the girl would practice annoying singing exercises mid to late morning and I didn't have work until 2 lol.
I know this pain all to well. In my case, it's my roommates and my neighbors.
Why don’t you go join them?
Yeah. It'd be even worse with roommates.
I mean if they're having fun I don't want to spoil it.
It's not even the noise that bothers me that much. But it's knowing how regular, passionate sex is so real for other people and how it's a fantasy for some of us. Watching porn or reading about others' stories doesn't come as close to feeling real as hearing it live.
Multiple reasons, I’m sure she’d be repulsed completely by the idea even if my roommate was down, and I don’t wanna have to rely on my friends getting laid to maybe get some action, plus they’ll just be together after and I’ll still be alone
You know GP means romantic company, right? It would be a bit weird to ask to join in whenever your roommate gets laid
Yep, thankfully it’s not too often and they aren’t actively dating
I hear that man. Life is seemingly feast or famine for many in the romantic department. Sucks, but that's life I guess. How old are you?
I am 32.
Oh ok, I'm 29. This sucks, I really don't wanna live through my 30s. It's funny, when I say that to regular functioning people they don't really have a good reason why someone like me should keep living. It honestly feels so pointless.
I don't know your story but my 20s weren't exactly great either. I had some good relationships after 30. Before, it was just a shitshow. You get desperate to have a good life because your 20s are all a waste so you try everything unashamedly. I guess that helps a bit? In 20s I got a lot of opportunities but I was clueless. In 30s I am wiser but it's just not as exciting. Things are slightly better but you just don't feel as excited as in 20s.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwnhib/guys_of_reddit_what_is_one_thing_you_wish_girls/

wish there was one in the world that understood me, or atleast tried to.
I may be hideous, weird, not good enough and a piece of human garbage, but I'm not that different. Like them, I also feel lonely sometimes and wish I could love someone who loves me back
I wasn't always like i am now. I wish i could turn back time and start all over again.
"Can you at least tell me why i suck?"
That as unbearable as my face is my personality is 2-3 times worse.
That I don't stop talking because I don't want to talk to you anymore, it's just I don't think I have something good to say so I avoid saying it altogether, you can take the initiative and start a conversation, men doesn't have to lead all the time y'know?
I wish they knew I'm straight guy. I just look like 20 yo emo and for some reason many girls think this is super gay thing so most of them resign instantly if I show up in my ,,normal" clothing+hair+nails etc.  😂
Just swipe left on me if you’re gonna ghost me after one fucking message.
Nothing.  Why give them ammunition to use against me?
I suck dick, and no i don’t mean I suck a whole lot, I literally enjoy sucking dicks
I'm shy because Ive been through some shit, not a choice, once I'm comfortable with you I can be the best guy you met, just never given that chance :/
Only now do I realise I have no redeeming qualities
I may not look super approachable, but really I have a soft heart and id do anything for the right person.    Not many people know me because I dont talk much~ nor do I let it be known who id be for a s/o, so maybe its my fault
Probably size of my D. But in all seriousness I can be considered lucky with the size, but if you are lonely not only it's not beneficial, but also really inconvenient
bro.
Damn. So, so true though.
Same. My friend once told me I look like a gay guy (i had shorter hair)but it's worse for me since I'm a girl... :(
Yeah I feel that 2 bro
I couldn't have said it better myself.
you should be grateful man.
yes bro?
90s rock is the best rock
so relatable
Hell yeah it is! 😃🎸
Indeed brother.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwij15/expressing_interest_creates_a_ghost_event/
Do you guys ever feel like anytime you have someone initially whose interested or seems interested and you express interest back, its like they sort of freak out and run away and then you're kinda left feeling like......should I have not expressed interest? And I'm just talking about simply having conversations and such, not clinging. Like I've had this happen twice within the past few months. The last one was a crush I had, and we chatted for 3 weeks and I was kind of excited like yay this is going somewhere. And its like....as soon as I thought it, he sensed it, and that was it.   Its just kind of depressing and makes me feel like....ok so I have to not care for someone to care. So either way, I end up numb and not being able to enjoy the company of someone else. It makes me feel hopeless.     First time poster, please let me know if I do anything wrong.
Yeah i imagine it's depressing especially when it seems to happen frequently. I usually feel out of place trying to show interest / create a conversation with anyone it's kinda like "nah, they don't want you anyway", so i just don't try
[deleted]
I get it man. Worse than a rubik's cube to solve sometimes.
Honestly, it be like that most of the times apparently for no reason at all. I wish I could give you the direct answer you want but 'tis the nature of dating. It sucks.
Some teenagers are just looking for attention and get pretty freaked out when there's a response, like uh oh now what do I do, panic and ghost?  I can think of a half dozen girls like that when I was a teenager.  Some folks just like flirting.  Like for practice or something.
Especially after its happened so many times! Its just kinda like I know if I express interest they'll run away so why bother?
I guess it just feels weird because their messages and how they talk seems romantically inclined at first and then they do scale it back. I guess I'm just disappointed because its never easy.
...and then you stop reaching out to anyone altogether at some point because you think what's the point it always ends the same and it only gets worse from then on. aaah too much negative talk again i'll stop now.
[deleted]
Well, first they told me, personal things. Then they were asking me what I wanted to do with my life and where I would be at physically (work) in the future. So we talked about that. Then he was kinda outlining what he was looking for in a person and all that jazz. We kinda sorta work together. I never acted on the crush and he randomly saw me on tinder one night and started messaging me. So for 3 weeks we kinda delved into each other personal life in phone calls and texts. He offered to take me out for lunch for my birthday And then he just kinda stopped all together from every day texts and the phone calls. It felt like an interest but...I could totally be wrong. It just seemed so out of the blue, being that we have known each other for like...3 years ish
[deleted]
Well I guess I should say its out of the blue because we have never hung out in a personal way or friend way. Strictly professional. But yes he could ha e just been seeing where I was at relationship wise
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwl2o8/why_do_i_get_stare_at_by_guys/
At my workplace, I notice guys staring at me quite frequently. I am a guy myself and I'm pretty sure these guys are heterosexual, so romantic Interest is out of the equation.   Any insight as to why they could be staring at me? For reference, I am 5'10 and 240lbs if that matters.
Could it be that you are different from like the people around you? Like I noticed I get a lot of stares namely because I'm a surspringly tall Asian guy.
[deleted]
Normies like to talk shit with each other, sort of a dominance hierarchy and also its often very funny.  There's also a behavior norm setting thing going on, where nobody is allowed to make more fun of my best friend's nose than I am, anyone going beyond my kidding around faces the wrath of both of us.  Sort of like nobody fights harder than two brothers until some outsider goes too far and gets jumped by both bros.  So if OP works with reasonably normie guys, we can be pretty sure he doesn't have funny ears or is tall because the staring guys would be cracking jokes about dumbo or nicknaming him "shorty"  Girls talk shit about each other behind each other's backs, boys turn it into a fun filled face to face sport.  I will say there's a HUGE difference in perceived attractiveness between a 240 lb guy with beer belly vs 240 lb with six pack abs.  There are competitive body builders who weigh 240 lbs.  Its entirely possible OP is hot or at least somewhat hot.
What's your body language like? Anything abnormal and people are gonna stare.
This could be for a lot of reasons like romantic interest, jealousy, etc. but I think the most likely answer in this situation is something that won't blow you away. They stare at you because it's in their nature. In the workplace, everyone gets into a routine and eventually that routine is so ingrained in their body that they do things without even thinking about it. It's instinctive.  Think of it like when a kid is running late to class and when they walk through the door, everyone turns to look at him. It's not like his peers are judging him for being late, but the mere fact that when you hear a sound from a place far away from you and/or a new person is in your line of vision, your first instinct is usually to check out what is going on. It's our primal way of observing our surroundings to not be caught off guard by anything foreign.  Think of yourself and how often you may look at people. You ever notice how much you stare at Bill from Accounting? You don't really care for him and he's not a bad guy, but you still stare at him because you're used to it. You're comfortable looking around and making a mental note that everyone is accounted for, like Bill. So, when your co-workers stare at you they're likely not doing it with ill-intent, hell, not even with well intentions because they don't realize they're even doing it. It's just their regular routine.  I hope this makes sense and gives you some clarity. Thanks for reading this far!
I have a very dark skin complexion but aside from that nothing else. I also lift weights
[deleted]
That could be it. However, I dont believe I'm terribly unattractive and also I dont do anything out of the ordinary besides just work lol  Thanks for responding to this though.
I've been lifting weights for 3 years now. Maybe they are checking out my physique? I hate to be that guy though  as I dont believe I remotely look good for someone who has been working out for that long
Maybe they are impressed by your muscle? That seems to be the thing that I hear a lot, where men tend to be more impressed by muscles. Though that would be odd that it's happening at your workplace and not like at the gym.   So who knows.
I'm like 6'3"+. And nope, I'm not anymore.   Though I must say that while height helps, it's not the only factor as I have been taller than 6 ft since 12 and still struggled for a while.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwf8io/are_there_homes_for_people_like_me/
that are just too depressed and lonely and have no real purpose in my life. I live with my mom and work and pay her rent but other than that I just watch youtube and sleep and eat all day. God has given me 40 years on this planet and I am just scared to meet with him as I have not done much with the years he has given me. I just think I am just too stupid and depressed and socially akward to live a life of purpose on earth.  It would be nice to just live with other people like me who understand me so we can bond together.
There used to be monasteries
TOTALLY understand where this comes from, dude. (Except I haven't even had a job in years)
I have no words of comfort but I live a similarly pointless life
I recommend doing volunteer work, it puts in a place where you can meet potential friends and dates.  Also try BUMBLE BFF, same app but the setting is for finding potential friends. You might build social connections.
Any chance of getting your own place for a change of scene?
I want to continue to work my job and be around those like me. Those that have jobs can help support those in the home that dont have jobs etc. It would be great to build places like these for those that struggle so no one is alone. We would all feel better as we are together and not alone.  They do it for seniors - senior homes, mental people have homes etc.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kw1jvy/i_had_a_dream_tonight_where_i_finally_found_a/
It's like my body is telling me "Mate don't you see im craving this shit, so can you please give it to me?"  Yeah dude. I'm trying, alright?
Damm dude. That's so sad
I felt this  I've had such dreams too. My heart goes out to you
I dreamt I was getting beat up by Shrek
I reached the point where I'm just "meh" after I wake up. I'm done thinking about the stuff that I don't have
I constantly have dreams where I'm about to lose my virginity and then something happens to the girl like she's kidnapped or something else and then it never happens and I wake up sad. It's like even in the dream world, I have to be teased with the fact I'll never have sex. I feel for you OP
That's so fucking sad
I have dreamed of kissing a girl in the lips, in that moment I am so relieved and feel so much calm, and then I woke up. I got over it after 5 mins tho, my brain just goes like "well you can't have everything I guess"
I have dreams like this all the time and I quite like them, even if it can be a rude awakening afterward.
I still remember being outright rejected in my dream once before, god damn did I feel shit when I woke up after that.
Have you tried buying a human sized body pillow? Doesn't have to be the kind with the anime girl on it, but I've found them to help especially this past year.
I think we should have a meet up. Just for us. Drinks, monopoly, sex, whatever floats. There are so many of us here we are all awkward turtles let’s be always turtles together.
I always have some weird dreams. They are all-topic, from weird ass shit, to stuff like this that, honestly, its the thing that hits deep.  Sometimes I would just dream that I'm hanging up either with one of my female classmates or having someone I don't know if it even exists. Like if my brain made that person for the occasion. When I wake and realize what happened, it hurts.  Damn it hurts to be alone.
ive felt this as well then i wake up to the cold harsh world and alone and reality sets in very quickly that im not going to ever find anyone ever.
These dreams shift me closer to blowing my brains out more than anything. They are the fucking worst. I'm finally fucking happy then it gets torn away as I come back to the real world.
Isn’t there a Smiths song about this?
I get similar dreams too sometimes. I can't sleep at night. 2
I’ve been having more of these dreams during this pandemic. No dating/ hookups since SIP began. It’s been a long while since I’ve been in a relationship. It’s a love hate for them. Maybe more hate. I wake up, immediately reminded that I have know one. Although, I also have dreams where I find out my partner is cheating on me or leaving me for another. Then I wake up hella angry at some strange asshole for being an asshole. *sigh* even in my dreams, I’m gettin played.
I can't get even in a dream.
Reminds me of a dream I had as a child. I guess I always had a feeling Id be a lonely loner.
I'm so used to this I don't even get sad over it
I had a similar dream. I still remember it
I’ve had many dreams like that. They’re never easy or fun afterwards. I feel your pain brother
I'm sorry you felt so shitty after the dream. Stupid dreams getting our hopes up....One time, I dreamt a guy was making love to me so good. It was intense and wild. He had me up against the wall; it was the first time I orgasmed in my sleep! So, you can imagine when I woke up how pissed I was that I was still a 20-something year old virgin.
I can tell you this: You are not the only one. I even push her away and tell her I know this is just a dream.
Please don't make the same mistake I made in thinking a relationship is important. It'll never live up to your imagination and you may be disappointed. Life has so much more to offer I know companionship is needed. Just don't lose yourself to this please let me know if you need someone to talk to.
Such dreams happen. Don't think it cannot happen in reality though. I know it can be hard when you've already been waiting for a long time, but don't give up hope.
You feel this way until you get into a relationship, then you kind of cherish your sleep alone time
<3
I love this meme lmao.  My friends dream: My post  My dreams:  getting beat up by shrek
Shrek is love, Shrek is life...
https://www.googleadservices.com/pagead/aclk?sa=L&ai=DChcSEwjZ1PbckpjuAhVDCn0KHQiXDCQYABAdGgJwdg&ohost=www.google.com&cid=CAESQeD2evAillBIdmp27azuDVovLmnmgX0D-WWATg2zvWtPFMuDCA2JreS1tYBtjxUaTdhyvdymLIvqFQOmr5iSxpwU&sig=AOD64_1eWjNPxr8d6BHh7iQHEqan30l5TA&ctype=5&q=&ved=2ahUKEwio0u_ckpjuAhXtoFsKHTNyAaoQwg96BAgOEHY&adurl=
0_0
Bingo
Sounds easy to say from your position.  And you say you "may" be disappointed. There's still a chance then.
I kinda feel, you don't know what being alone, all the time really means lol.  Not by choice.  Otherwise you wouldnt talk like that.
It's not easy for me to say I wasted a lot of my life thinking about and wanting a healthy relationship. And I just don't want that for anyone else.
I live alone lol, I am always alone. It doesn’t bother me though, because of my experience and knowledge though, I am 24, if that matters. It’s not everything you think it is, brother. Look at all the people who have wife’s and shit, nobody’s going to tell you it’s great, gold, and everything you’ve ever wanted. They’re all like man, I wish I was single.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwhckg/a_song_that_hits_home_there_is_literally_nothing/
Nothing Else  Song by Angus & Julia Stone   You don't wanna be rich like everybody else does You just wanna grow old, sit still while everybody else runs In the meantime, tell me your star sign I'll make something up about how you have to fall apart to really be someone  There's nothing else to do here but kiss under the stars I like you just the way you are There's nothing else to do here but fall into your arms I like you just the way you are  You're not like the others ones You just wanna go slow, sit still and come undone In the meantime, you wanna have some fun Oh, you say you have to fall apart to really be someone  There's nothing else to do here but kiss under the stars I like you just the way you are There's nothing else to do here but fall into your arms I like you just the way you are  Just the way you are Just the way you are Just the way you are Just the way you are... I like you Just the way you are Just the way you are  There's nothing else to do here let's jump into your car I like you just the way you are There's nothing else to do here but fall into your arms I like you just the way you are  Just the way you are... I like you  https://youtu.be/o4dkFXm5K7o
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwct3j/i_had_a_dream_that_screwed_me_up_really_bad/
It was not a dream that I had a perfect love of my life and that only perfect things happened, it was truly depressing.  &#x200B;  First of all, it was extraordinarily realistic and for a moment I thought it was a hundred percent real. The flawless details of my house, the mannerisms of the people and the natural flow of the dialogues told me it couldn't be a fantasy.  &#x200B;  There was a girl who told me she loves me, and I told her I love her. I felt like I've known her for at least 5 years, and she was so familiar for someone I haven't ever met before. But everytime I tried to hug, kiss and project actions of affection on her she would just back away, refuse, or turn the face around. All my attempts of bringing her attention and love to me were all failed, and from that moment I could feel that when she told me she loves me it was a lie. Never reciprocating, always distracted with all existing things but me. This is actually a fear of mine in real life, all the times I've tried to connect with other people it always felt like it was one-sided, and it is like this all my life. When I woke up the girl had vanished, but the feelings were still here with me, and they will be with me to the very end.  &#x200B;  Well, guess now I finally know how it is to be in a relationship...that's so damn bitter and sour.
Dreams can be a pain. I rarely dream but once last summer I had a dream that my phone rang while I was in bed and when I answered I just heard crying and someone asking "Where were you? I thought I could trust you."  That dream fucked me up good. I woke up in a panic and had to scroll through my calls cause it felt so real. Once I realised it was a dream I still felt bad cause I have no idea where this dream came from or who my brain had decided was the caller.
I feel you dude, that actually happened to me for real and it's a pain you can't remove.      Relationships are like a rollercoaster, you get excited the 1st part of the track then the build up moment before the ups and downs of the relationship, luckily some relationships manage to stay on these ups and downs, but sadly some end in a loop and then finish the whole ride, leaving you empty and hopeless.      Somehow however, you want to go to the rollercoaster and try it again. Hope you could find real love and never experience the pain I suffered. peace
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwaeos/its_kind_of_hard_to_open_up_about_this_sort_of/
Because it often seems as though you're starting from a negative with some people even when you're acknowledging your mistakes and clarifying how you're trying to get better. There's this underlying assumption that you're this lazy entitled person who's avoiding responsibility.  I never bring my inexperience up with anyone in person unless in the rare instance when the context is right and I already trust them, but I've read stories about people who have, and I've been in a few online confession/support areas in which I've confessed my struggles. In such instances, I've noticed a common response to the effect of, "It's not the fault of \[x\], take responsibility for your shit", "just get out there", "nut up", etc.  When they do that, I can't help but feel frustrated, because the whole premise of my confession is that I'm taking new steps and finding a lot of confusion, uncertainty, and obstacles, but still trying to get to this good new phase in my life. I thought that was clear, so I want to reclarify that and reply with something to the effect that I don't appreciate having that ignored or disregarded, or being told what to do.  But it almost feels like I'm not allowed to say that because they (and perhaps other people) will likely pile in with something to the effect of, "Well no wonder you're single with that attitude." I can feel it waiting for me if I respond in a way they don't find acceptable. It's kind of astounding how many people seem to want to hold your inexperience over your head if you misbehave in their eyes, even when they otherwise insist it doesn't make you bad (never mind that technically worse people have still had the social skills necessary to get someone). If I talk back to this sort of response, it can really start an avalanche of shaming, as though me being frustrated about my clearly stated efforts and admissions not being recognized makes me the same as, well, one of those "i-words" (who I want nothing to do with).  I really am trying with this dating stuff and I'm confused and I know it's my fault and I'm not good at it. I'm learning a lot of general social skills I didn't have before (isolated aspie), I'm trying to deal with my feelings of shame that affect my confidence I apparently need to do better in the first place, and this COVID/social distancing/lockdown stuff doesn't help either. I had a nice phone conversation with a girl I met last week and then not long after agreeing to another one she ghosted me. All this stuff is wild.  But sometimes it seems like you can't talk about the nuances of all this without it being assumed that you're an excuse-making NEET who must've done *something* egregious in the dating process that you're just not telling them or why would you do so bad. As if that's supposed to help. Like I'm going to suddenly do better because TeCh-GoD-69 or whatever gave me a "bootstrap" line.  The only person I can really talk to about this in any great detail is my counselor, who is understanding. He always has me give him updates on my efforts and confusion, and offers input in return that is balanced and fair. I'll always be grateful for that at least, even if to a degree you could argue that it's just him doing his job.  But has anyone else struggled with this thing I'm talking about? I would like to see this sort of thing become a topic that more people can open up and confide in each other about, especially as it becomes either more common or just more visible via the internet. Part of the real struggle of "FA-ness" broadly speaking is the shame of being behind, so I think to dare to show that part of one's self is pretty serious.
Yeah, most people don't understand. They choose too believe that it must be 100% your fault, instead of accepting the world for what it is. They're world view is based on the premise that good things happen to good people, and vice versa. When that.view is threatened, they feel threatened.   If these people actually had to come to turns with the reality of the world, they'd be here making the same posts as us hahaha...
I shut the conversation down by saying that me getting romantic succes is unrealistic and tell them either that I gave up or postpone getting a gf till years from now.  People will not be able to understand being my age and not having been in a relationship. It's outside of their reality.
> or being told what to do  There's an old book from decades ago title something along the lines of "men from mars women from venus"  The book had two points.  One was at least two communication styles exist, one sharing personal feelings or similar and the other sort of like technical engineering brainstorming problem solving.  The other point was somewhat questionable that men only do one all the time and women only do the other all the time and thus get into weird arguments.  Not entirely wrong, but not entirely right, as with most things.  Anyway the two styles don't mix in the same conversation, as you've noticed.  By sportsball analogy if two people are talking about the big game last week, if one treats the conversation as a time to express how personally exciting the game was, and individual recollection of highlights, and hopes and dreams for the team, and the other one treats the conversation as a play by play analysis of what should have been done or what can improve next time, neither is right or wrong, they're just not having a conversation on the same wavelength and both will be somewhat frustrated.  I think the book itself had an example where a broken down car means women talk about their feelings about car breakdowns and the frustrations of life in general, whereas guys typically leap into repair mechanic brainstorming mode.  Anyway it all kinda sounds like your story.  As a message from the other side, they don't hate you BTW, they genuinely think you want help brainstorming novel solutions to your interesting problem and hope their bright idea is both new and successful if tried.  They may not actually be helpful, but they're burning brain power trying to be helpful.
I see what you're saying, but I'm not talking about people giving actual advice. That doesn't bother me per se. I'm talking about people saying some empty condescending thing or giving some direct order to the effect of "take ownership of all your stuff", "quit making excuses", "nut up", etc., especially when it's already established that I'm trying. That's not good-willed or trying to be helpful at all, it's just ego masturbation.
Yeah we probably agree with each other although in different contexts.  Best of luck in 2021!
Thank you. I do believe my chances are better this year than they were last.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kw8z2c/i_know_am_not_the_only_dude_who_has_gone_through/
Anyone who ever had a girl add them or follow them first social media(IG, Snapchat) and had them text you first. Then after talking for about a month + or even days, they just randomly block you? Like I had this one girl recently add me on Snapchat and she texted me first. We texted for a couple of days. She even stayed up late texting me and stuff and then randomly a day, she just blocked me for no reason. And this ain’t the first time something like this has happened. Why do girls do that a lot ? Tbh I wasn’t even surprised. I saw it coming the moment she added me and texted me first.
She wanted attention and used you for it - I’m sorry that happened  I’ve experienced this too. A girl acted interested in me for a few weeks until she abruptly cut off contact. Turned out the popular guy she was chasing finally responded to her, and they began to date (although only briefly)  She treaded water with me until she got what she really wanted
I've personally never been added first or been messaged first so I can't relate, but it sucks getting ghosted.
Yeah, happened with me too in a slightly different way. She wasn't doing well with her bf and started to talk to me. Eventually she made up with the bf and done... I was forgotten. I also saw it coming as she kept mentioning her bf all the time in chat. I knew it was just for feeling better about herself and getting attention.
Women messaging first tends to be one of two things;   1. Egocentric (especially with women you barely know, they want an ego trip from the attention you give them, major red flag if they tend to get attention from other guys as well)  2. Genuine interest (usually with women you've talked to especially one on one in person, and still talks to you/shows attention/uses flirty emojis etc for a while)  Second one is rare but it happened by complete coincidence with my one and only relationship that ended three years ago.
Not blocked but ghosted.
They just want attention and don't care about the damage they do to the other person
I actually am the one who Blocks them. And I know I'm a dick for it
Why are some people like this ? It’s really just annoying. Don’t they feel any remorse after doing that?
Happens to me a lot . I hate it. My ex ghosted me for six months then explained to me why like 2 weeks ago. Getting ghosted really sucks
Oohhh. I only saw it coming cause of my luck. Things like this happened a lot to me in the past. I could somehow tell. After being ghosted a couple times you learn a few things
Omgg I’m sorry it ended😔
Yeah Ik . Ain’t the first time this is happening to me 🤧
As long it protects your peace then there’s nothing wrong with it . By all means be a dick
would an employer feel any remorse for all those people who didn't get a job? No. They're free to go somewhere else.
What was the reason to ghost a person for six months without a reason and now they have a reason after all this time?
Hmmm
Exactly what I’m saying. Whether it’s true or not she could have told me at that time and then broke up with me
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kw9mrf/the_tragedy_experienced_at_15_keeps_making_life/
I'm 21(M) with mild autism just starting spring semester at the local community college yesterday and I'm on some sort of audio or video conference software multiple times a day. I still feel lonely because I have no woman to humor me in real life, I have dreams about finally having a woman want me or love me. Up until April 2015, I could at least tolerate it but after watching my dad slowly transition from one world to the next for about a month I just couldn't stand the loneliness anymore. I was bullied and beaten up beaten u lot as a kid because of my speech impediment among other things, so I didn't have many friends anyway. Family members, I met at the funeral and humored me died as recently as Christmas, so the flashbacks are back and are slowly taking me back to the dark place I got out of 4 years ago. Strangely enough, I have escorts trying to reach out to me on Facebook but I don't swing like that and I am a firm believer in my body being a temple when it comes to scenarios like that.
A lot of our traumas all came from when we were younger. And that trauma slowly became a part of who we are today.
If you can afford it, this is the kind of thing a therapist can probably help with.  If you can't afford it, the best I can do in approximating a therapist is to tell you that the only people who don't experience what you did are people who never know their parents at all. The bid difference is you experienced it earlier in your life than most.  I know that's not very helpful, but maybe it can help you start healing.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kw07vs/do_people_ever_seem_afraid_of_you/
Sometimes I go for walks around the neighborhood and occasionally I'll see women walking in the oncoming direction on the sidewalk that look antsy when they see me coming and they will literally pick up their dogs in their arms (if the dog is small enough) and quickly walk away while I casually pass by minding my own business and usually looking at the ground (I don't tilt my entire head down, however) and listening to my music with headphones in. This is usually happens in broad daylight, and I live in a safe upper middle class neigborhood. I could understand if a woman would be nervous by a stranger at night, but in the middle of the day...  I don't think I look like a grungy person either, I shave daily and gel my hair to make it presentable. I knew I was ugly, but it sucks to know that people are creeped out by how I look. :(
People just look away from me. Doubt it's fear or any of the sort, I just think they think I'm ugly, and that's it.
I've been told my resting face looks very angry. Or maybe I'm just angry all the time.
People aren't afraid of me, i'm afraid of them
Maybe you think they are afraid of you.I use a wheelchair and when i was younger i thought that people looking at me all the time but it's not truth.Most people mind their own business and don't be so sure you are ungly but even if you are unly i don't think it's scary.And you know what  even in the worst case scenario some people truly afraid of you don't give a shit about those shitheads.
Nahh doubt they're scared but creeped out definitely.
There are three things working against you in this specific situation. 1) Covid, nobody wants to get near strangers and that person is probably just trying to be courteous to you by giving you space. 2) When it comes to picking up their dog.. as someone with a small dog I do this out of habit. I don’t want my dog to get in their way, or for my dog to jump on them asking for pets (Covid reason). 3) As a woman, i could be in the safest neighborhood in the world and I’m still hyper aware of my surroundings. When it comes to safety, nobody else is looking out for me so if giving space to a passerby will make me feel safer, then it’s not about the other person at all, it’s my own decision.   I think because as FAs we crave a connection it’s easy for us to feel offended if someone is blatantly avoiding us, however sometimes we have to remember they are just trying to live their life. They don’t have any obligation to be in our space. I really wouldn’t take this one too personal. Sending hugs!
I have a small dog. She's very friendly. She doesn't know there's a global pandemic on, so she would want to make friends with you! Which then gets awkward for me because I don't really want anyone petting her right now. So we'd probably do the same thing. It's probably not you.
I get that sometimes, very unpleasant
...I've been told I give off stalker vibes.
People tell me I'm scary all the time, actually.  Just for being there.  "Creepy" is another word I get.  I have caused grown men to scream (it's always, "oh my god I didn't see you there") and I have caused a woman to cry.  Because I was walking behind her.    So, yeah, I've grown very accustomed to people being "scared" of me.  I don't think they're scared of me so much as scared *by* me.  Turns out it's a fairly standard thing for Targeted Individuals to be responded to in this way, to be told we are like this and that horror movie character, etc.  You can see why I don't interact with people anymore.  I have to know somebody, because the standard reaction from people is automatic distrust and thinly veiled hatred.    It's a simple matter, really.    *...the world has hated them because they are not of the world, just as I am not of the world.*  *Consider how many are my foes, and with what violent hatred they hate me!*
Are you a person of color?
Not afraid but some days I feel like I was born with the wrong kind of polarity; that I seem to repel people more than attract. Especially when it comes to women.
When I was in 8th grade, a kid from 6th grade told me, that I'm scary.
Don't blame them too much. Women get catcalled and treated like shit by strangers a lot more than you'd expect.
All the time sadly.  I've just learned to deal with it and roll with the punches...
A few times, most people just look away from me but there have been a few young women who I can tell actively keep their distance from me.     One is a young lady is a fellow soldier who just arrived, now granted I way out rank her, she's a PV2 and I'm a SSG but when she's around I can tell shes scare/intimidated by me or maybe by my rank, I don't know for sure but when I was a Jr Enlisted there were some young women who I could tell actively kept their distance.   Which is weird because I'm not aggressive, or loud or boisterous. Usually I'm pretty quiet and those who really know me know that I can be a real clown when I sense its safe to be, but--I'm big and I guess some people find me intimidating.
No but I'm 5ft tall.
When? Now? Now it's the covid making them keep distance.
Maybe they just didn't want to be talked to. Ive passed by random strangers, and they'll start a convo, and sometimes it is difficult to get rid of them.
I have a similar problem, my resting face is always a scowl and I tend to keep to myself a lot.   So much so that one time I started acting the clown and I had a new co-worker legit ask a guy I had been working with for some time if I had ever killed anyone?   Me? the guy who loves cats, stuffed animals and Enya?  I guess my looks must really be against me.
That could be my problem as well
why?
Awww, thank you! You've made my day! :) Those are fair points, I probably shouldn't take things as personally as I do.
I'm sorry you've had to go through that :(
I also thought of this, I'm a brutish looking man by default. Me my brother look like we're part of a cartel/mafia type thing. It comes from my dad, I'm one of the more ugly/weird looking ones
I am
> she's a PV2  You probably look like a drill sgt.  If not generically, like a specific one she had in basic.  If you think back, surely when you were a PV2, there were leaders who reminded you of basic.  If not looks and mood, could be as trivial as accent or whatever.  > I'm not aggressive, or loud or boisterous.  Yeah back in basic when I went a long time ago, if the drills were yelling nonsense in general at no one at 4am that meant all was well with the world, unpleasant but business as usual, but when they got real quiet that's how we knew someone really screwed up.  Like when they had to go off script, we knew there was rough waters ahead.
The last time it happened I saw other people walking right past them and they weren't bothered at all (they didn't attempt to distance themselves). I live in a region where the Covid numbers are low due to travel bans in/out.
Same. My looks don't fit my interests. I like nerdy military & historical shit, I take part in historical reenactement, and I collect guns and go to the range, which in Europe is very frowned upon.
Yea, sorry to hear that brother.
I don't really know
Looks like a typical case racial discrimination. I experience this myself, especially when I am the only black dude amongst whites. Unfortunately, racism does exist and will continue to exist for centuries to come.
i don't like many people but there are olso great people outhere :)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kw6ems/just_saw_the_movie_coco_possible_spoilers/
I’m putting a spoiler warning just in case, but I don’t think that I’ll be saying anything that gives away much.  This is my first post in here, been a long time lurker and occasional commenter. I just saw the movie Coco and it really moved me, I really liked it.  It really plucked all of my soul’s strings, as the movie came close to probably my greatest fear: dying alone with nobody to pass on my memory. As I’m entering my mid to upper twenties, and having never had a relationship or even just a single date, it’s starting to seem more and more that I’m not going to find someone to be with.  I love my parents, and I dread the eventuality of losing them. I hope that I get to spend at least a solid 30+ more years with them, but I have much less than that to find someone to share my life with and start a family. The thought of continuing on alone without my parents absolutely terrifies me. Maybe by then I’ll have already accepted my fate so it wouldn’t be as scary as I currently imagine it.  I’ve already known and thought about this before, and the movie reinforces it, that nobody is truly gone until there is no more memory of them. I’ve made a pledge to myself that I will never end my life no matter how down I might be feeling at the moment, and if I do end up spending the rest of my life alone, I’ll carry my parents’ memory until I die of old age. I’ll live out my life as long as it is meant to be, and to the fullest I can under whatever circumstances I am given.  I just hope that the next five to ten defining years of my life will bring positive change and won’t railroad me towards a lonely end. Though with each passing year it just gets even more bleak. It’s been ten years since the first time I asked out a girl. It’s been five years since the last time I asked someone out. I’ve only asked out just a few, and I was basically friendzoned by every one. Ten years of not even going out on a single date (and a few more than that since I started developing crushes), and it just seems more and more likely that it will stay that way for the next few defining years as well.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kw60t9/ghosted/
I get ghosted by everyone it seems, which would be so bad if I had just one who would stay so we can get to know each other
Ive been ghosted by literally every girl I've ever dated or went out with. Fucking sucks and something you never truly get over.
I got ghosted by a girl to whom I was talking on this sub. That really broke my spirit 🥲
I've been ghosted by everyone irrespective of gender... I'm practically invisible.
I think ghosting is inevitable. Sooner or later it will happen with everyone you know, rather like a hot object, no matter how well insulated, will radiate heat and eventually reach the ambient temperature. You can't stop it. It's entropy.  Hell, I've been essentially ghosted by someone I was online friends with for over a decade. After that experience, I can't trust anyone ever again.
Im sorry to hear that, its one thing to gwt ghosted by someone you only recently met, but im sure its worse when youve been talking for a over a year
It's so easy to do so that's why I think it's so common nowadays, you could try to explain your reasoning for breaking up and if it's some shallow bullshit you feel horrible...so people just ghost instead and pretend it never happened. Knowing that anybody you meet at any moment can abandon you without explanation I think has completely jaded me about relationships. Dating is a surface value sport and there's no point in giving 100% to play a soulless game I think anymore
yeah, id prefer them just be honest amd say they arent interested imstead of leaving me on read
shit man, im sorry. I imagine that would suck, sorry
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kw04i2/imma_need_people_to_stop_telling_us_we_will_find/
The human experience is vast, varied and complex. Far more so than Western culture has defined or regularly embodies. That being said, we all have different purposes to serve in this life. When we are genuinely lonely or longing for a partnership that isn't meant to come to us now or possibly ever, people really think they're helping us when they tell us we will find someone someday. Quite frankly, they do not know that. They should not be so quick to make predictions some of us may not be able to differentiate between words of fleeting comfort. Our own individual destinies may very well not include a deep, intimate, romantic union. We may have  another purpose to fulfill in this life. Those experiences, those lives, the majority of us really, deserve to be acknowledged and validated. American culture in particular has a toxic obsession with romantic partnerships exalted as the ultimate goal. Combine this with being a natural hopeless romantic (at least for me) in a hook-up culture that rewards the fit, able bodied, 'beautiful' and wealthy over everyone else, and you have legions of people living their lives day in and day out alone. Those are our lives that we are living. And the quality really should be valued the same. They are not defective or deficient. We should not be encouraged to look to a future partner for the time our lives will begin. They are already here. We are already here. On the flipside, I am watching different people I know directly or indirectly going through painful divorces and break-ups. My heart breaks for them as I wearily welcome to this sad but ever expanding club. Have a seat. Get comfortable. You may be here awhile. There's nothing to be ashamed of.
Especially when it's not true. Some of us are not good enough for anyone and there's no one out there. I understand where they come from, but it hurts even more because you feel ashamed of not being normal and unlovable and people can't even imagine somebody being that anormal. I hate it and it makes me feel worse. I feel like crying just by thinking about it.
They don't really mean it nor do they believe what they are saying, its just a old form of common courtesy.   They aren't really trying to help anyone, they have simply been lead to believe that its rude to say anything else.   It will fade away someday, though I am sure not nearly soon enough for some.
I think that i will probably never find anyone but you never know and  yes there's nothing to be ashamed of,it's not a crime :)
You're right. They don't know that. But let's talk odds. The odds of you finding someone is far greater than not. Even the people that are so certain of their foreveraloneness. There is a reason the average age hovers between 19 and 25 despite the sub being around for a decade. That said their wording is wrong but most people don't think in terms of probabilities. They think in absolutes and certainties based on past experience. Its the same reason I call people on here out when they say for certainty that they will be alone forever. But the main difference is that the odds support the likelihood that any individual person that calls themselves an FA today will find someone. Jot all and it's not a guarantee. But let's err on the side of likelihood when it comes down to it
No we wouldn't... I'm a 0.9 possibly 1 and I will literally be dying alone and I'm quite ok with that... facts of life: some people aren't meant to be with anybody... it's just the way how the world works.
> There is a reason the average age hovers between 19 and 25 despite the sub being around for a decade  Might be true, but what does that make about us outliers who have gone beyond the cut off point where the odds work against us? Are we allowed to call us FAs, granded by the higher power of statistics and probability?  Seriously tell us how it is when not only the internal emotions of absolute despair but also the external reality of absolute crushing mathematical rationality combine into something that can only described as a future where the hopelessness is far more justified than any hope. Where the rational choice between living or dying is tipping over to the other side. Seriously, should the 25+ crowd who never received even a whiff of what could be called a chance err on the side of likelihood?
That's because there is another subreddit for people over 30 who are still foreveralone.
It's still pretty likely you'll find someone. The percentages, last time I looked into this, end up so that between 25 and 40 the large majority of people in this situation (if I recall correctly it was upwards of 80% or something but I do think that that number has been reducing a bit because of the increases in the number of adult virgins in the population) find someone.   That said, I'm not telling you this because I think you should feel better about it. It sucks and no one can guarantee it will work out. It sucks. And most people would feel that way. The point of me saying this is so that you don't completely count yourself out. And so that you don't use language that implies certainty. Thats pretty much it
I'mma need that one. Just turned 31. I've never had a serious, long-term relationship.
I don't really think that a smaller and less active selective spinoff of the overarching community constitutes a reason that there are more people between the ages 19 and 25 that consider themselves foreveralone than older.
yooo 5 years to go
> if I recall correctly it was upwards of 80% or something  Glass half full glass half empty.  Lets say we give you 90% to be generous and open minded.  My counterexample is look how crazy people get over the Chinese flu, which has a recovery rate with at least four more nines for young-ish healthy-ish people.  Certainly, if a fifth to a tenth of the population were ejected from society over any other reason, perhaps unemployment, mental health, or maybe lack of education, racism, or maybe lack of medical insurance, it would be considered a major national crisis if such a huge number were being ostracized from societal norms.  Not being loved or have a family, eh handwave it away.  As a societal cultural goal, having a stable loving family life should be considered a measure of success much like access to safe drinking water or clean air to breathe, where anything under 100% is a tragedy and sociocultural failure.
I'm 45 and in the same boat.  And yet people still try to tell me that I will find someone even though that gaslighting stopped being relevant to me 20 years ago.
Me too. I’m 30 and I’ve never had friends nor have I ever been in a single relationship period.
But it blows the "We will find someone someday" theory out of the water.  Some of the people here will find someone.  Some won't.  And the older you are and still forever alone, the larger percentage chance that you will never met someone.
100% is absolutely mathematically impossible. If everyone is straight cis then you don't have a perfectly even split of genders. This doesn't take into account different sexualities and gender identities either. You can not hit 100% as any society ever.  So yeah maybe this is a glass half full or half empty scenario. Except that the glass is well over half full and some people here want to say that the glass is just empty despite that.
If you read my I response I very clearly say that you can't know that and that is correct. Some people won't. The odds of that are lower than people here tend to think but yes it is always possible. Just as it's still possible to have a first relationship in your 30s or 40s though less likely. I haven't found much specific data that decides if that's due to the age or the fact that there are so few people that tend to go that long. But if you're arguing that people exist that don't ever find anyone I'm not arguing against that. My point is that the average person on this specific board that says that they will for certain or near certainty, be alone forever, is more likely wrong than right.
Eh whatever "family" can be two dudes and their pet dog, just using is as shorthand for "participant in a mutually beneficial long term culturally accepted romantic relationship" or something.  > Except that the glass is well over half full   Yeah speaking of glasses and halves, would you consider culture where only half the population has safe drinking water to be successful or in crisis?    Back to the original complaint if only the top half of society gets clean drinking water, if some dude figures he's in the bottom half socioculturally, its pointless boosterism to claim the guy shouldn't be realistic about the future.  And WRT that answer, why is a culture that suddenly and recently only provides loving companionship to a bare majority and declining of its participants not considered to be in crisis?
"Bare majority". Oh you're changing things mid debate and not making an attempt intellectually honest discussion. Got it.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kw69np/how_to_stop_making_the_same_mistake/
I have been trying on line dating for almost 5 years. (I started when I was 18.) I haven't had any luck in those 5 years, I keep hoping that maybe one day I will look to see I got a reply from not a scammer but in the last 5 years those make up 99% of the messages I get.
Heres the thing with dating profiles, its an AD campaign. It needs to show you at your best. The actual message in the profile is only 10 percent, if your profile pictures don't draw the eye its a left swipe almost immediately.  1st, you need to be in decent shape, it sucks but anyone can do it. You dont need to be ripped (although the better shape your in the better) but women want to know that you can keep up the physical activity. This is the one area you can actually control unlike other physical attributes like height.  2nd your pictures. Anyone I know who has had success has provided a few basic guidelines. NOT Selfies. Find someone to take it, phone camera is fine but part of the sale is that you have a group of people to socialize with.  A) Opening pic should be you in nice clothes, full body and face (knee up at least). Business casual or nice dress shirt and jeans. You want to look the style and class part. Should be somewhere public but just be of you, a nice coffee shop, restaurant, etc. This draws the eye.  B) You then need a pic or 2 of you doing a hobby. What it is is not really important (unless its weird, if your doing taxidermy  skip it). 1 solo activity and 1 group activity (sport team, golf, doesn't matter) Make sure you look like your having a good time.  C) a group photo. people around your age, a social circle. Preferably friends (although not always an option) family will cut it (Just don't make it obvious). You all need to be having fun. 3-4 people. Decently dressed or outdoor activity  D) If you have a dog this is a nice seller. Nice pic of you and the dog on a walk. Again, well dressed.  Lots of guides on basic profiles but they are less important. 90% of people know if its a go or not before even reading it. Just don't come off as desperate.  So if your not in shape get in shape. remember diet is the 80%, hard but doable. Get someone to take the pics (feel free to stage them if you need to). Nice clothes (doesn't have to be expensive but must look sharp). Get a woman's opinion  if possible (mother or sister will do, in fact they will be more honest. Hard to bring this up with them but it helps). Look like your having fun, with people. If you advertise as a loner/loser you will get nowhere. GET HOBBIES/SOCIALIZE - this is hard. Join a club, if you go to your cities website there are groups. take a class, anything. If your boring to you then you are boring to them.  Remember this is a sale. Your a commodity on a dating app, your are selling yourself (or the chance to get to know you).  Message first or you will get nothing. Dont be creepy when you do, go with hey hows your day/evening and keep it basic. Dont rush anything, if they do want to meet coffee shop is a safe bet.  Above all have realistic standards. Your not getting scarlotte johanson. Swap right on people even if you dont think it would go anywhere, it may seem cruel but you need practice dates.  Good Luck
Have you tried paying for them? I know it's bad,and I'm torn up on doing or not, but..
Giving up is a solution.
Thank you, I will revamp my profile with all of this in mind.
Yes I have paid for them I think there is much more opportunity and help from the app if you pay for premium membership. Just doesn't mean it will go anywhere.
[${URL}] https://i.redd.it/yysmsfawpxa61.jpg

Didn't a guy in this sub did the same thing some years ago? I never knew what what was the resolution.
"Just put yourself out there."
What really baffles me is how can that guy, or anyone else, overcome your fears and ask all those women out just like that (I don't even mean where you would even find 100 women to ask out in the first place, which i also don't know). If i think of myself i would be suuuuper nervous and anxious about it and by the off chance i would actually gather the courage to ask one woman out, as soon as she (inevitably) declined, i'd be crestfallen and would not in a million years try it again. I just don't understand how that works.
People never talk about really intelligent/famous FAs. There are a surprising number.
Pretty sure this would just make me feel worse. And I wouldn't want to put so many women on the spot having some random dude ask them out. Even without asking a woman out I know people can find me creepy, boring, annoying etc.
I would be interested to see the method of him asking these 100 women out. If he were simply walking up and cutting to the chase without a seconds effort, it is no surprise that he failed 100x. This reported outcome without context leads us to believe that it is completely hopeless even if you try to play the laws of probability. But in reality, a true effort applied every time to 100 women would surely result in at least some positive outcomes... barring of course extreme social anxiety or some other dating-poison trait. I would take that excerpt with a grain of salt.
Oh wow. Name of the book?
Wow. I'm a psychology student and never knew this :o This actually made me feel a lot better in this moment.
He was a better man than I will ever be!
For me it's more so that I really don't want to give anyone else that satisfaction. Most women will reject you and take it as a confidence/ego boost and proceed to either friendzone you and talk about their sex life (sometimes there's exceptions of course but they're far and few between) or (hopefully) have no further contact with you, which just makes things all that much easier than the former.  As for this quote, we really don't have much context to go on, but I hope to God that it was just cold approaching, not asking after building some rapport because otherwise I'd imagine my own and many people's prospects on here are actually pretty bleak.
So basically a 100% reject quote so the math says Why even try lol
As far as I'm aware that's not how exposure therapy is supposed to work. You're supposed to expose your patients, bit by bit, in a controlled environment to something which will actually lead to positive reinforcment. I don't see such a result as a positive reinforcment.  [https://albertellis.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Al-1953.jpg](https://albertellis.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Al-1953.jpg) \- that's him when young.
Yeah he might have tbf, I'm sure it's been tested by people. I can imagine your odds of them saying yes are improved if you're good looking (which I'm not)
I was too scared to even talk to girls when I was in middle school once they hit puberty and started curving.  The strategy I used was to pick a girl who's so far out of my league it would be a ridiculous sitcom plot if she dated me.  Yeah like the captainette of the cheerleading team is going to date me, LOL.  Rather than being anxious about "what if she says no I'd be crushed because I'm already in love with her and she's my only chance" it was more like "I fully expect a girl like her to say no, in fact I'm not even going to ask, I'm just gonna try to be friends".  I did not intend to date these girls I was quite happy with having a normal sane conversation despite her being a 10/10 hottie.  After I was comfortable talking to and working with the hottest girls in the school, I found I was comfortable talking to girls in my league who were potentially datable.  People can get used to nearly anything with enough exposure.  Didn't get any dates in middle/high school, never heard anything but "no", but I certainly eliminated the shyness and anxiety LOL.  Kind of like being afraid of heights.  You can push thru and run up that ladder and maybe pass out in terror but at least you're up there.  But a better plan is go up exactly one rung and wait until that feels perfectly normal.  The up another rung, and another, and eventually its just "eh here I am at the top of the ladder chilling as usual, hard to believe I was scared of heights"
Yeah needs more information. Was he only talking to women who seemed like they'd be a good match? And were they similar overall attractiveness as him, or all over the place?
Oh yeah I'm sure in theory you'd get better results than this professor but it just reinforces my belief that is get rejected the majoriry of times when asking a girl out. I definitely couldn't deal with rejection that many times. Had it enough in my life already. I think your odds are greatly increased if you're funny, good looking or confident imo
The social anxiety workbook - David Shanley, would definitely reccomend for anyone suffering with anxiety. Lots of good exercises and information. I've decided to help treat my anxiety so that I can still enjoy life FA. The results of that test kinda just reinforce why I don't ask girls out aha
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kwdevu/distancing_myself_from_friends_because_of_penis/
I’ve had a handful of sexual relationships in the past and the only obstacle I’ve had in each one has been my penis size, every girl I’ve been with has let me know at some point that the sex has been lacking because of my size, each time it’s resulted in the end of the relationship, each lasted from barely a week to several months. I’m slowly resigning myself to just a loveless life and I hate it, I’ve had suicidal thoughts since I was young but this is the only thing to bring them on at this point in life.  The only solace I’ve had in the last few years was meeting up with friends or just speaking with them over social media. What is soul crushing is that some of my friends have been girls that have shown an interest in me in the past and I’ve turned them down for fear of humiliation again. Watching them and others make progress in life not having to spare a thought about what I spend a life time thinking about kills me inside. Seeing friends have meaningful relationships, get pregnant get married is just a reminder each time I see them that they have what I want. And what’s worse is that when I make them laugh or make them smile it’s an even stronger reminder that the only reason I’ve not been able to find someone is because of something so superficial, I get on really well with all of them but it no longer feels good to catch up with them or interact with them.  Now I’ve found myself seeing a choice between being lonely and have some company, or lonely and isolated, and I don’t even know which one I prefer.
Ive heard that if your oral game is on point girls dont really care about the size that much.
What’s your size man?   I deal with this same issue, not that anyone shows interest in me anyway. My point being if I somehow found somebody interested in me as a person, another obstacle I’d have to overcome is my lack of dick size.   I’m currently working on every part of my self that can be improved but unfortunately there’s nothing you can do about a small dick other than compensating with oral and toys. What girl wants a man that has to fuck her with a plastic dick? Lmao.    Anyway I’m sorry you’re going through this man. I can’t offer any help but I do understand what it’s like.
Not mean to be rude but its hilarious man. No healthy brain should want to date a girl that would leave you for your size. Fuk that. And distancing from your friends bcs of this! You are not a pornstar, dicksize should be the least of your concerns. Are you leaving a girl because when she removes her bra her tits are smaller than you expected? if thats so, fuck you anyway go and hire escort then.
You got laid? Lucky
Mine is average but i have no one to fuck, suffering from success
You could always get a penis enlargement, but I wouldn’t advise against that. It’s not the size that matters, it’s the way it’s used that does.
Or hand game too.
Well that’s not been the case in my relationships.
[deleted]
>are you leaving a girl because when she removes her bra her tits are smaller than you expected?  No, what does that have to do with my situation?   And this has happened with several women. And I’ve just stopped talking with women that have given a good enough indication that they expect a certain size too.   Pornstar or not, the fact that people I’m friends with don’t have even the slightest problem with something that has taken over my entire life has made it hard for me to interact with them. I hate when they talk about kids or marriage or even saving up to buy a house, it’s all a reminder that they’ve easily reached a place in their life that I am finding it impossible to get to.
>Not mean to be rude but its hilarious man.  Fuck off.
Good to know.
Damn.. I’d love to be average size. Not saying he has no right to complain or anything considering he’s had some bad experiences but if I was at least average I wouldn’t be so insecure.
Women use fingers to masturbate. im sure your size is more than enough to satisfy. Just like womens ass and tits, penis size is just visual. They sure like to watch big cocks over small cocks in porns but they(most sane ones at least) dont care in real life. Leaving a girl for small tits is equivalent to leaving a guy for small penis.
Lol all your posts are about having a tiny penis when in fact it’s fairly average. You probably just suck at fucking. Grow up.
Is that what you can say to the comment?
Your misery is hilarious.. haha. It's funny you have a small dick. You have something people mock and is super undesirable. How funny.
Read entirely before replying.
I did i just decided to not comment on the rest. Still fuck off asshole.
Sure just write "im the same boat bro sexual life and womens desires are just like in the fucked up hentai manga that we watch all day. Lets cry,  get depressed over nothing and doom ourselves over this". Fuck you instead.
What are you even talking about? Are you crazy or something?
representation of people like you trying to consult other people on this sub.
You don't know me. I don't really say shit like that. You just said something quite mean. Like saying no offensive is makes it better. Now, fuck off.
My original comment meant to help OP, me being rude-ish for one single line doesnt scratch my intention.
I don't care about your fucking intentions. You were   >rude-ish  I said something about it. Get over it and fuck off.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kw3qoc/what_are_your_neuroticism_scores/
I think us lonely people score significantly higher on the neuroticism scale on average in the big 5 personality factor model just due to the very nature of the sub...   Here’s the link if you haven’t done it before   https://www.truity.com/test/big-five-personality-test
High neuroticism and low extraversion are both going to be high for the majority here, I'd wager. I know they are for me. Neuroticism for sure with us, both as a cause and effect.  96%, ha.
I don't know but probably pretty high...
81% neuroticism for me. What does it mean exactly?  The rest is 45% for all.
Interesting questions. On a few i pressed "accurate" so much that i nearly broke the screen of my phone.... you were correct with your guess about the results, at least in my case: https://imgur.com/a/ChrJtDM
97%. I win (so far anyways) 😄
**Here's Mine:** [https://imgur.com/a/nYe4bLA](https://imgur.com/a/nYe4bLA)
92%
83%
100
mine was 67% is that ok or nah?
I think people are missing the point that its situational.  Maybe by analogy if you think you're surrounded by people trying to kill you, for most people that would indicate treatment for paranoia would be a good idea.  But for front line soldiers on deployment in an active war zone out on patrol in hostile area, that's a pretty realistic belief and anti-paranoia treatment would be a complete waste of time and probably counterproductive.  Similarly, people who are FA are gonna have symptoms of neuroticism but that's a natural result of the involuntary lifestyle they're stuck in; duh of course they're gonna be unhappy, they're social (to at least some level...) yet are prevented from socializing, they will be unhappy.  If we're gonna go all "big 5" here, my openness to experience is pretty low.  I was pretty chill doing pretty much exactly what I did yesterday and in an abstract sense every normie knows a girlfriend is supposed to magically appear in your life although she never did because I never made the opportunity.  Normie advice like "just be yourself and you be you and someone out there exists and will be there for you when you least expect it" well maybe she does exist and maybe she was sitting at the bar lonely waiting for someone like me to come along, or whatever big hollywood meeting you've been told about, but I'm not going to a singles bar, so I never met her, etc.  If "you be you and do what you like doing and just be yourself" means get drunk and flirty at the singles bar as your primary hobby and lifestyle, then yes indeed normie advice will get you a GF.  If that advice means sit on the couch alone and play video games, or study hard for school, or work weird hour shifts, not gonna meet any GF, its that simple.
76.5% neuroticism as opposed to a 20% difference in the 2nd highest being a 50 something pog
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvz6l8/its_difficult_to_be_alone_and_even_more_trying_to/
I find it so hard to talk to people now. It's so much effort and it's exhausting. My attention span is rock bottom and nothing interests me anymore. Taking interest in lives of others is boring. I don't want to do anything yet I want to do everything. I want to fall in love. I want to impress someone. I want to go mad with and about someone but I just find it so exhausting. I guess I'm just tired
I feel exactly the same, I'm so tired. I have no idea how people make small talk, let alone talk to each other like friends, it's so exhausting and demanding. I want to fall in love, yet I can't even manage to make friends. Everything seems so distant
I had a dream where I had some clarity on the matter.  In the dream, I was locked in a house, Rapunzel style (only much grimmer).  The one thing I had, was to watch tv.  One day, the celebrities from the tv actually came into the house!  And started talking to me.  They had so many exciting things to say about their lives.  Then they asked me about my life, and I hung my head in shame, trying to stop my tears.  I didn't want them to know- how embarrassing- my life was empty.  I was locked in a room, never had seen the outside world except on the tv.  So to make them shut out, I mumbled a few made up responses, plastered a fake momentary smile, and walked away from them.  Change the fact that tv celebrities showed up in my living room, and it's sadly true.  Other people have life events to share.  I've been...doing nothing, seeing no one.  I have nothing to say.  People talk about relationships and everything that happens in relation to relationships.  I could only tell them something as exciting as "dentist had to take me baby tooth out with a plier" or "saw a movie" or "got new shoes."  There's nowhere to go with such a conversation after putting forth that information.  Nobody, including myself, wants to reflect for the seventh time on a lost tooth or a dessert I ate.    I realize now that I am bored, and people are bored with, conversing with me so it's not worth the effort.  I only even bother if it's one of my "friends."  Otherwise, we can just skip it.  Walk away.  If somebody by some miracle finds me interesting, and my company welcome, and I by some miracle feel the same, we could talk over the same mundane rubbish and still not be bored, because we'd feel good inside about each other's company.  Or, have companionable silence and not have to quickly inject a word about the weather to make it less awkward feeling.  As it stands, the fact that most people I encounter bore me to death the minute a word exits their mouth and knowing they probably feel likewise toward me, I spare us all the trouble and go into mute mode.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvvb31/hahahaha_just_great/
A girl I know and (was) a mutual with just unfollowed me on Instagram.   I really suck.
Don't really know what people can get out of this type of social media.
It's just one person. Don't worry about it.  I would stay away from those certain toxic social media sites. (Unless it's for legitimate communication with people.) Social media I believe has proven to be a negative thing for everyone. Not just people like you. It's unhealthy to be pushing a false image and to compare yourself to others all the time. Even for someone on the opposite side of the spectrum.  There's no originality on those sites. It's all the same jazz getting propagated. God I miss the days of myspace, geocities, and tripod. Back then people could customize their pages to be unique, almost like having your own website. I used myspace and geocities and then when facebook came out, I only used it for like a year and then quit all social media. Just because I noticed everyone would post regurgitated shit and when I would post something original, I wouldn't get much attention.
No you don't, that's like having your credit card denied, it happens to everyone at some point.  Granted I don't use social media, I'm not what you call a social person but I had one friend steal my Game boy as well as $50 out of my wallet.  I have been betrayed by multiple people who I thought were my friends, received death threats from the brother of one, and lost my last two when they got married.    You don't suck just because you got unfollowed,  its depressing I get it, but it doesn't mean you suck.
If you're an attractive female, a constant and unlimited source of validation. If you're an attractive male, potentially increased attention from females. They like guys that are popular and have lots of friends (especially the Tinder crowd).  If you're unattractive....just depression and maybe another way to message friends/acquaintences if you have any.
Ah,now I see why I didn't get it, lol.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kw8idc/any_of_you_joined_the_army_or_military/
Have any FAs joined the Army or Military? I have been talking with recruiters and feel like this is a great move for me.   Do you believe joining the Army 🪖 or other Military branch was a good idea? What was your experience? What did it give you?
I got two more months to finish volunteer service in Serbian military. But I will have problems signing up as professional because of marihuana usage. However I don't regret it, it helped me change some things about myself to better.  Now I guess next step is French Foreign Legion if I don't pass security check in Serbia. I just need to prepare myself physically some months before I try FFL.
I'm planning on enlisting in the marines or national guard.
Why not? But don’t expect it to fix you or help you with the alone part too much.
I've spent three years of my life in the Spanish Legion. It gave me a good break I suppose. Now I realize all these years I could've improved my dating game, and now I'm older and my chances are lower.
For the rest of your life you'll have something interesting to talk about and about 5% of the general population will have something in common with you.  For the fraction of FA who are out of shape, the military will forcibly get them in shape.  You need to be REALLY careful about your MOS.  In the old days of non-coed basic training and coed AIT, when 71L "file clerk" was 75% female, every story I heard from every 71L I ever met is no male ever graduated a virgin from 71L AIT.  Supposedly medics are also wild at parties.  My MOS was of course a sausage fest just like my civilian uni EE and CS classes so there were only three girls in my AIT unit the entire summer and only two girls in my class.  After training I ended up in a 50:50 male/female unit although I never dated in the reserves.  If you're not fitting in to "standard american youth culture" and as such are FA the active duty military is an interesting gateway to live in a different culture with same people, or live overseas in a wildly different culture with wildly different people.  Not guaranteeing you'll fit in or succeed, but due to TDY policy I can guarantee you'll move somewhere else and get to reboot your social life every two years until you get it right.  It just seems to be accepted in the Army that if you spend time in Korea or Germany you'll return from overseas with a wife.  Like does anyone PCS out of Korea as a single soldier?  I honestly don't know anyone who managed to do that, I'm sure some people do, but...  One rough part of Basic / AIT is listening to chads and normies whine about not having dated a chick in five weeks or whatever meanwhile I'm thinking to myself "what's another five weeks to me when I already got 18 years?"  Its worth considering that you'll be out of the military for far more of your life than you'll be in the military even if you retire at 20.  So no shame in planning your military life to later benefit your civilian life.  So pick a MOS thats employable in the real world, get the military to pay for certifications and training for the real world, etc.  Nobody, especially recruiters, ever lied to me about the military.  But you will get an education in statistics.  Yes the ONE guy who ETS as a E-4 11B got a private military contractor security guard job paying quarter mil/year for years in the sandbox.  However, the median non-retired infantry soldier got a job at Walmart loss prevention.  Or closer to home yes the Army will pay for all comptia computer certificates both training and testing AND there is that one guy who got out and got a job at a contractor for $150K/yr using nothing else, but the median comptia trifecta holder gets more like $40K at a rando corporate IT helpdesk.  At least to start.  So yeah you're not guaranteed to be a millionaire just because you were in the military, but its an interesting start anyway.
I'm currently in the US Army. Stationed in Germany. Tried dating apps. Yes it works but now I'm more focused on my future than girls; I'm working hard on my YouTube channel and trying to get in stocks. My goal in life changed from getting a girlfriend to own a business and become a millionaire. I'm already earning more than most of my "bosses" from my other sources of incomes so I'm in the right path.  If you were to ask if joining the army will be a great idea, dude. I do not know. I can't speak for you because it mostly depends on what duty station you get stationed in. I'm in a shitty duty station where we go to the field a lot to train meaning I got less time for my YouTube channel.  But for getting girls, yes. Girls do prefer guys in uniform and being in the army did improve my lifestyle and self-confidence. But because I got stationed in a shitty duty station, I just want to get out already lol.
Good luck with the french foreign legion , they have a really rough recruitment process.
What's the difference between volunteer and professional?
What are you leaning toward?
I'm hoping to see combat. 🪖
What skills do you think it gave you?
>You need to be REALLY careful about your MOS. In the old days of non-coed basic training and coed AIT, when 71L "file clerk" was 75% female, every story I heard from every 71L I ever met is no male ever graduated a virgin from 71L AIT. Supposedly medics are also wild at parties.  I'm not a virgin.   >Its worth considering that you'll be out of the military for far more of your life than you'll be in the military even if you retire at 20. So no shame in planning your military life to later benefit your civilian life. So pick a MOS thats employable in the real world, get the military to pay for certifications and training for the real world, etc.  I am doing infantry. I hope I get sent to very dangerous places.
>If you're not fitting in to "standard american youth culture" and as such are FA the active duty military is an interesting gateway to live in a different culture with same people, or live overseas in a wildly different culture with wildly different people.  What do you mean?  >Not guaranteeing you'll fit in or succeed, but due to TDY policy I can guarantee you'll move somewhere else and get to reboot your social life every two years until you get it right.   I'm doing Reserves. 🪖  >It just seems to be accepted in the Army that if you spend time in Korea or Germany you'll return from overseas with a wife. Like does anyone PCS out of Korea as a single soldier? I honestly don't know anyone who managed to do that, I'm sure some people do, but...  I gave up on that.   >So yeah you're not guaranteed to be a millionaire just because you were in the military, but its an interesting start anyway.  I don't expect that. 😄
Work on that channel and stocks! 👊🏽  I thought most people like going to Germany? What's your MOS?
I am familiar with that, but I don't have any other option left, either that or gettting stuck in dead-end low wage job.
Volunteer is same as it used to be once we had forced conscritpion, but now it's much less tougher and you have to finish volunteer 6 month service so you can sign up as professional.
I believe volunteer service is temporary, and regular is just sign up for x-years.
National guard
That is a really poor reason to join. I’ve been in the Military (NATO-Country, non US) for 7 years now, and I advise you against it.  Even apart from the fact that seeing combat isnt really likely, whats the goal behind that?  Do you desire killing someone? Do you desire getting injured/ killed? Thats the stuff that happens in combat and I don’t think anyone wants these things. Could it be the case that you have abreally romanticised view of it?  I mean, I have suicidal thoughts, but dying in combat for sure isnt the safest/ most painless method of achieving that.
Skills that I can use in every day life? Organization. I used to be a mess of a kid and now I can't stand the sight of an untidy room. It helped me alot. Besides that, I can't really tell.
Depends on the duty stations. There are a lot of duty stations here in Germany. My MOS is 19D, cav scout. All we do is basically sit around in the office doing nothing or sometimes work on the trucks. Even in the field, all we do is just doing nothing so I got a lot of time to think about my next video ideas, what stocks to buy, etc.
Yea. It's really bitchy tho. I tried my hand at their legion and they waited for me to pass the entire physical training of a few weeks to tell me I didn't make it.
So you do 6-months then go pro but not guaranteed?
My advice:  Chose your state wisely.  Research the minimum residency rules before making any decision.  All NG education benefits vary by state and moving can save or cost you tens of thousands of dollars.  Live north of the state border and get 100% tuition reimbursement at any state school OR the highest state tuition applied toward any private school.  Live south of the border and get only the average state school tuition reimbursement at any school, not the max state school tuition or the insane kicker is the option for 50% of any private school tuition.  So if you plan to go to cheap state-U campus it doesn't matter.  If you go to the most expensive state-U campus its free at one state and you'll pay out of pocket over the average at the other state.  If you go expensive private school you'll get like twice as much from the southern state.  Imagine going to med school in the northern state and getting $12K of help, vs maybe $33K of help from the southern state, LOL.  Note there are towns laying on the border so you might literally only have to move to the other side of the tracks to make/lose tens of thousands over four years of uni.  Glad to see you're not going reserves, I did and I hated that the same kids I went to basic and AIT with were getting free ride tuition reimbursements and I was only getting GI Bill plus drill pay.  Then again every time there was a tornado, flood, or riot, I chilled at Ft Livingroom while they were out there.  WRT Army vs Marines the Army historically always gave the best contract terms and best civilian benefits and training, but that's only on average.  If you personally can get a sweetheart contract from the Marines with better deal than the Army I'd obviously go for it.  Just note on average the Army gives the best contracts of all branches, none of the others come close with what they'll promise in writing.  OTOH if you're not taking advantage of anything the Army offers in special contracts then don't bother with the army LOL.  Note that WRT work life balance and quality of life practically nobody re-ups in the Marines, one and done.  So if you're able to stay in you'll go up in rank fast but most people GTFO ASAP.  On the other hand my entire "career" in the reserves promotion points were like 798 out of 800 to get promoted to sgt so the reserves can be kind of stagnant.  There are personal issues where you need to hang out on the subreddits for each.  In "most states" the NG does not or did not chapter height/weight or PT fails so you can see some NG pix of some very chunky spherical soldiers.  Marines a bit more strict.
Why is that?   If I was young enough I would do Marines.
Agreed. Most of the boys from my squad joined because they had nowhere else to go or because they wanted discipline in their life. Only one or two of us wanted to see actual combat, lol.   Then again, I guess foreign legions are kinda made to pickup on people who have nowhere else.
I was thinking of 19D. 😏
What happened?
Yes, it's harder to go pro.
Thanks for the tips bro
We are currently not in a time of war so I would benefit the country more being in the national guard.
I'm not sure. They don't tell you why you've failed.  I think either the fact that I was nearsighted or that I didn't so great when it comes to abs workout.
I would do what's best for you. Typically active duty is better though.
The national guard is seeing more action than marines these days. I'll probably transfer into marines if I can.
That's very hard to do unless you opt for a 3-year contract?
Don't plan on doing anything else so
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvy6nu/uk_dating/
Hey y'all!   What do you guys and gals find is the biggest obstacle to finding someone amazing? I'd love to hear from anyone but particularly those from the UK!
Not from the UK, but my main obstacle is that nobody wants me. I know why tho.
For me, I'm the problem. I used to blame my looks but I fixed what I could (make up, braces, contacts and better clothes) and now I get a bit of attention. I'm not beautiful by any stretch of the imagination but have been told I can pass for cute if I try.  The main issue now is my mental health and self esteem are so damaged after being alone for so long that I'm terrified of starring something and having no idea what I'm meant to be doing. I'm 31 with severe mental health issues that caused me to quit my job. I live at home with my parents so I'm hardly a catch! No amount of 'cute' can override all these issues and I run away from most attention I attract anyway. I'm such a mess that I figure its easier that way even though I am lonely. I'm basically sabotaging myself at this point and the longer it goes on, the worse it gets.
I have a laundry list of metal and behavior health problems:   * Attention Deficit Disorder * Obsessive Compulsive Disorder * Clinical Depression * Anxiety * Math Dyslexia   I can't get a high paying job because I can't do anything past basic math and even then I need a calculator, I have no self-confidence due to my near constant failures brought on by my ADD, I have a very gentle temperament and am very avoidant of confrontations (so I am unmanly).   Men and women are always looking for the bigger better deal, that's just human nature, why settle for lead when you can have gold or platinum?   I never tried to date or meet girls because I had convinced myself that I was an ugly worthless piece of trash, so much so that anytime an opportunity presented it self I ran like hell from it (Oh yes, opportunities presented themselves) because those opportunities challenged my negative self perception and that was/is scary to me---Yes, its scary to me to think that a woman could actually want to get closer to me!    Why? Because its unfamiliar to me, and that scared me so I clung to my self imposed isolation because that was familiar and therefore safe.  On the positive side however, now I am older and the odds of any woman being interested in me now are 10 X ^(100) .
I'm from the UK. My biggest obstacle is having situational mutism, which has lead to a huge amount of childhood trauma. People would dictate my personality to me, automatically brushing me off as weird and quiet. There were no other defining factors, because it was hidden away under my involuntarily mutism.  In school I never learned how to make friends and socialise like other kids did back then. So, even to this day just thinking about approaching someone with the intention of getting to know them and perhaps befriend them is too overwhelming. My sense of self is warped. I've got body dysmorphia (incorrect spelling, most likely) and my personality is influenced by how others in the past treated me. I feel like a scared, fragile child who never grew up. Agoraphobic all throughout my teenage years and made it so being around others feels abnormal and intimidating. I'm inferior to all. Even everyone on here.   Seeing myself as this disgusting abomination, for having basic human desires, doesn't help either. I was taught that nobody likes me and that nobody cares what I think or feel.   Just can't do it. Just can't approach anyone while being fully aware of how emotionally and psychologically damaged I am. Too far behind from my peers and carrying a lot of shame.  This might all sound like garble didn't sleep last night, don't fancy sleeping today either. Just want to sedate the pain.  EDIT: throw autism into the mix too!
Same here.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvsfqx/ive_lost_a_best_friend/
I [19M]  knew a girl [20F] about 3 months ago but we clicked and we talked daily and we video chat often , but the problem aroused 2 weeks earlier when she knew another guy , now she doesn't talk to me , only if i initiate , and she makes plans with the other guy despite me asking her out at the same date . This really destroyed me after I thought i had found my soul mate , i asked her about this guy before and she said he's just someone you don't need to worry about , but unfortunately my worries became true . Now I'm back at point 0 , i hate myself , i have no friends , and loneliness is killing me .
You deserve better. Never accept less than you deserve, it destroys your self esteem. It doesn't feel like it right now, but if you can meet her then you can eventually meet another girl that you'll be into
[removed]
You’re 19 man... she was very unlikely to be your soulmate. If you had success with keeping her interested you will have success with another. This stuff happens at your age. Don’t worry about it, you’re still very young and still have a lot of changes coming. Many for the better.
Are you sure she considered you a best friend?? You might’ve just been a guy she received free validation from time to time and kept her entertained and not bored until she found something else to do..I know it’s harsh but that sounds like it...sometimes you consider people close friends when they merely see you as an acquaintance
I hope so man , actually this is my first best friend after 19 years of being alone , so it's a big deal , i hope it gets better
Ah, sexism, classy.
I am very worried , i didn't have any friends for 19 years , and i think that's catastrophic , soo everyday it passes i get more anxious that i will be forever alone
This might be true , i don't think she considered me as a best friend as much as i did because she was my only friend , and i was just another friend for her . But nevertheless it did hurt me when i basically lost my only friend
Spoiler, lol it won't. This is life, learn to accept it and you'll save yourself many future headaches.
Read books on how to be more of an extrovert. The more willing you are to meet up with people, the easier it will be to form friendships. It’s just about getting yourself out there in the world. Go to conventions (when covid ends) go to events, go to bars if you’re into that and legal. Just gotta get out there.
Yeah I get it bro..just try and not get emotionally involved with people..unfortunately you gotta become cold hearted like a reptile
I can’t believe this has 5 upvotes. Is this sub a crab in the bucket mentality sub?
Read which sub you're in, lol don't like it then don't come here
Oh so now you dictate the vibe of the entire sub, because you’re miserable and want others to be miserable too? Get a grip. Many in here can still have productive and happy lives. This kid is 19.
Dude please give me some advice , you seem wise for some reason
You already did , thank you
Bro it's r/foreveralone, lol let us be miserable in peace. shew, go back your happy subs,
If I can help some of these guys I will. Group think is killing a ton of these young guys future before they even begin.
I think you've missed the point of this sub. It's for people without any hope to at least have each other for miserable company. You're ruining the camaraderie, lol thanks we can't even have this without being bothered.
If that’s the case and you’re truly empathetic to others in your situation, you should do better at vetting who is truly going to be “forever alone.” Are you cool with ruining a kids life?
You seem to not understand the mindset, so this may be the wrong sub for you. Perhaps check out one of the self improvement subs. There's nothing to ruin, this is just who we are homie, and there's nothing wrong with that. Just let us be lol.
I asked you a question
Oh yea I missed that. No, not at all. I shared my own wisdom that this is just how life can be, which is just how it is. Sooner people can realize that, they better off they will be. Didn't want this dude getting all upset over it. I guess you're fine with that. Get out of here man lol
Nah I’m good. I don’t listen to random people on the internet.
Thanks for sharing some positivity here. Sometimes people here end up (understandably) wallowing in a barrel of self-pity that it's hard for them to see anything else.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kw2wuu/this_is_my_idea_for_a_blind_dating_app_please/
Before I go any further please let me know if something like this already exists so I don't make complete fool of myself. I've talked to couple people about this idea but I still want to hammer out some details. Also please understand that I have absolutely no coding or business experience whatsoever so I'd need learn a lot of skills and form some kind of team I can trust and even with that there is no guarantee any of this will be a success. This app is meant to appeal to those that struggle with text conversations on dating apps or hate how much emphasis current dating apps put on physical appearance. This app is for those who believe that they can put their best foot forward in person but struggle to get dates in person. This app won't help those that struggle with dating because of mental disorders, those who just prefer to ask people out in person or those who like long distance relationships.  Many of the functions would operate similar to current traditional dating apps where people would add a description of who they were, what they want, their age, a list of their interests and other such things. There would be no option to submit pictures of oneself, this would be to combat judgement of one appearance. The app will ask how far an individual is willing to travel for a date and at the beginning of each week the individual will have to enter the times they will be available to date. The app's gps locates restaurants, movie theaters, malls, carnivals, stage shows and other places people generally go to socialize and automatically sets up dates based on how far they are willing to travel and when they are available to date. The pairing will be made based on shared interests so the individuals will have something to talk about. Only one message can be sent between the individuals, it can be sent a half hour before the begging of the date describing with the person is wearing so the people can find each other.  For the protection of those that use the app a button will be installed that immediately calls the police. And for money sponsorships with companies can be formed because people are literally going to their locations because of the app.
Opinions of a girl: I would absolutely, 100% never be down for this. How to get date-raped 101
It baffles me how people neglect to factor in that women have to watch out for their safety, and won't just go meet some random ass dude after one message. Hell, women are taking a risk meeting up with dudes they do know.
Pairing by shared interests is very limiting. Do you know that most people enjoy to talk about things other than their own interests? Also the "call the police button" is not enough to avoid all the potential problems. The presence of some kind of company security personnel that will be in contact with female clients will be much better but I don't think people will be willing to pay for this kind of experience.
Sorry to be pessimistic, but there is no way your app would succeed in that form.  Its way too restrictive.  Having no profile picture is interesting, but automatically setting up a place to meet is too rigid, and not being able to message each other means people are going to be wary of meeting because they don't know each other at all.  Its way too much of a safety concern too, especially for women.
I like the idea of no profile picture dating but the rest of the concept pushes the boat out a bit far.   It's an interesting idea as you're selling the idea of going on a guaranteed date. It will attract guys who struggle to land dates through traditional apps.   I think you'd need to do heaps more than a safety button though and unless you're vetting users this concept is going to attract some shady characters. Like whats to stop people from using this to catfish and mug dudes? Granted it can happen on traditional dating apps but at least on those you have time to vet your date and decide if anything seems suspect.   I think sites that offer group dating events are the safer option for most people as you can attend those with friends etc.   The safety issues will be a tough sell for businesses too and I think unless you have enough variety and choice of venues this will fall flat.   You'll also need a highly sophisticated algorithm for matching as otherwise compatibility is going to be pretty random.
yeah, when you're building software you have to design it with its most malicious potential users in mind, and this presents even more opportunity for those users than a standard dating app.   and a safety button won't help - it's barely quicker than calling the police yourself, and it's also pretty complicated to implement.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvrq7i/weird_af_dream_of_having_a_girlfriend/
We were walking on the beach and there were small huts and shops selling stuff like hats and water guns.  I even remember how it felt holding her hand.  Music was playing. Lots of tourists were there as well.  She had black curly hair and was shorter than me by a bit.  Funny thing is that she was Israeli and we were in Israel, probably Tel Aviv.  I even offered to rent a car so she could tour me around the country.  Not complaining, it’s just that I don’t think about that country but I know their women are beautiful.  Wtf, this dream was so realistic.
Maybe it’s a sign to hop on a round trip flight to Israel for a week.
Yea I both hate and love those kinds of dreams. They're awesome because you get to experience a relationship. Then your world comes crashing down when you wake up. Lol it can actually be a bit exhilarating at times.
Israeli women are beautiful indeed ;-) and it's a country rich in history and beautiful spots to discover. I definitely want to go myself too.
For a while I got upset at these types of dreams (when I woke up and realized they were dreams, of course).  But now I look at them as helpful to my dating efforts, which include visualization/manifestation. Sometimes it seems like I've been like this for so long that it's harder for me to muster up enthusiasm for relationships like I used to do, or to be able to vividly imagine what they would be like. So I'm glad to know by my vivid dreams that I can still feel that. I have to recenter sometimes and reconnect to why I ever wanted to be with someone in the first place, rather than wanting to get it because I feel behind over not getting it.
Maybe, after this covid thing is done. Also, the country I currently reside in normalized ties with them
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvo25m/the_real_cost_of_being_yourself_in_todays_daily/
Life’s give me the uncanny ability of being able to know someone’s interested either upon first meeting In real life or texting.   Now I’m sure everybody has a feeling but mine is kind of like Spidey sense its dialed up to 100.  So For me it’s right off the bat rather than having to wait three hangouts to find out if this individual is “feeling me” or not.   Because I already assume most people who I talk to dont have an interest in me it makes it easier,  but at the same time it doesn’t feel good because you know there’s no interest.  —————————————————————————-  And it’s not like every single woman that I ever see or work with I wanna get with. Honestly I feel like with a lot of people in this sub, our standards aren’t super high.   For those who know what I mean I don’t discriminate against body type or anything like that. I’m an average guy and I’m honest with people on that fact. I don’t have a dating persona and then a “when you get to know me persona”   I prefer to let people know what they’re dealing with from the moment you talk to me that way there’s no surprises and if you choose to back out then it is what it is. But I feel like because I’m not playing the game and being fake in the end it’s detrimental to me.     There are times when I do try to defy this so called “Dating sense” and try,  but life usually humbles me. Just cause you can see it coming and know how it’s going to end up doesn’t mean we wouldn’t like to try to see if we can even shift those odds 1% in our favor Just to feel like we have some control...
I deal with similar shit, but with making friends and stuff.
I feel you on that man. It always feels like you can do the best you can but there’s always going to be a block. And some people might say to you oh “lower your standards”    “Oh do this”  “oh do that” And like I said before  I feel like a lot of people are like my standards aren’t even that high.     I don’t need a supermodel and I don’t mind somebody who’s a bit weird , but if she likes me for me then that’s what matters.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvs3m3/how_did_you_overcome_your_depression_when_i_think/

Whiskey. Lots of it.
Found hobbies that I liked, good friends, and started focusing on my studies.   I enjoyed this for barely a year, then covid hit and took it all away.
It'll end the day I die
Medication was the first part, making it possible to function more normally, then I joined the Army (years ago) back when they could still get away with being mean and nasty to everyone who was lower in rank.    Well it acclimated me to being in a world where unless your a General, No one gives a damn about you and where the only person you can count on is yourself.    Years of constant abuse and brow beating later I had become numb to it, I also found that I was becoming a mean old bastard myself.  I'm far less sympathetic than I was and have found that being life's butt-monkey has become pretty normalized.    In fact I cant remember a time when I wasn't someones punching bag, whipping boy, fall guy or scapegoat.   Its all pretty normal to me now.
I think it was around my 28th birthday.  The realization that I was starting to get old, that I wasn't young anymore even though I felt like it.  And though I was a friendless virgin, I knew I still had some fight in me, and this would be my last chance before in a few years I really was too old to do anything about my situation.    The first big step for me was joining a gym.  I had never worked out in a gym before in my life, was scared of the whole environment, and for the first week I went at around midnight so it was empty and I could work out alone.  Eventually it got easier, I started other forms of exercise as well (hiking, sports) and the physical activity alone did wonders for my depression.  I also made a bunch of friends from sports and started having a social life.
I don't know if you ever end it. You get better at managing and dealing with it. You learn how to control those thoughts more and tell yourself that they're either not true or your perception of the answer you're coming to is flawed and biased through the depression
That’s damage control
Okay I understand that, so everything that makes you depressed countered it with these other positive things. I hope you can continue to move on this path and accept and love yourself to the fullest. I hope you feel better soon.
Not much I can do about it.
Well... I would recommend to do a bit of excercise. Just for about 19 days and it might make you feel more energetic and happy
Yea I still workout.
Oh good I believe that might be helpful. I hope you feel better soon. For me acceptance for helpful maybe you can try that if relevant.
Acceptance for helpful? What?
Oh sorry I meant: for me acceptance was helpful.
Acceptance of what?
For me I accepted myself. I am just a little human being, and I had a chocolate bar, it was above weather and I went to the roof at midnight and I looked at it, I felt the chocolate packet, I thought of the people who made it, complex people just like me, with desires and hope, who decided in the way the packet will look, the person who spent his life, his only life in making the machienery that made the chocolate for me. I was their for hours and hours and I was like I am incompetent in many ways, I can also be a fool. But why can't I? It wasn't that simple and quick but that day I bowed down on the ground and had tears In my eyes, and I think it helped.
uh. okay.
Yep
[${URL}] https://youtu.be/gVILookzrPw

It's beautiful.  May we all find love like this.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvk1gv/im_so_lonely_i_could_puke/
I just need someone to hug. I need that human contact.
Hey, I hope it gets better for you. I know it doesn't help, but sending you virtual hugs 👐
I get that feeling a lot.  Like I'm in the wilderness and terrified and nobody gives a damn.  It comes in waves and I literally gag with the wrenching pain from inside. I guess I'm out here in the wilderness with you and we don't see each other for the trees.  ❤
That’s beautiful. 🤗
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kw73ao/making_time/
Am I off base on this. I see profiles and post about woman wanting a long term/serious relationship but dont seem to want to put the effort in. Im one to ask and ask about you so I can get to know them on a level thats more than just skin deep (hobbies, work, etc.) They answer but never ask anything in return, I'll occasionally put in my opinion esspecially if its a shared interest. On top of that Ive messaged girls that open the message but dont say anything for 24 plus hours, usually i ask point blank, "do you still wanna chat" then more than once they kind bite my head off about how theyre working, which I get, but if you want to chat you make time if not just say so so the other person can move on and stop waiting for something that wont happen. I feel like this post is kinda sparatic and not on one track, just some stuff I needed to get off my chest.
Frankly, if a connection results in a one-way dialogue, move on. I wouldn’t worry about the opened but unread messages. Give it a chance. If you come across as pushy if they don’t respond right away, they will likely tell you to get bent. No doubt they are entertaining other messages. Seems like it’s part of the dating app game.  And besides, even if their profile says they are seeking long term, it doesn’t mean it’s true. I’ve been out on a lot of first dates and they rarely are who they claim to be in their profile. You just gotta dig around for a while until you find a keeper.
I aint gonna make generalizations, but in a vast majority of cases the guy has to put in so much effort just to gain the attention of a girl, and in many of the  same cases girls are the ones who are being entertained while not having to return much of the effort.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvrff8/having_digital_circles_can_be_immensely_tiring/
Covid reduced 70% of human interaction to internet. I made a few friends on internet a while ago and at times it's tiring. Just waiting for that one notification all the time, talking to someone and pining for their presence at times, fear of getting ghosted out of the blue and without any reason. Seems kinda pointless at times. One can almost forget what it is to talk to someone face to face or on a call even. But then again, there's nothing we can do, can we?
Yea it's going to be really strange going back to the real world, whenever that happens. I've been fully locked down this entire time, so not a single social interaction aside from pleasantries at a drive through. Feels like i'm going to have to relearn social interaction, which i'm really not looking forward to. My coworkers all have families and still feel the need to travel and eat out during a pandemic, so i'm going to be the only one going through this when we return to normal operations. It's definitely going to be a strange experience.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvjvvw/fellas_i_did_it/
Well here we are, at the one place I thought id never be. I spent the day with this awesome girl ive been talking to then bit the bullet and asked her out. She said yes.   Fellas you just gotta go for it. If my fat ass, balding self can do it anyone can.
That's awesome! You've given hope to another fellow fat balding man lol. Hope y'all make some great memories together.
Not fat ass, but balding and autistic. So I probably have no chance.  Congrats to you though.
"if i can do it, anyone can"   🙄
Huge congrats, man!   Nice to see good stuff like this here as well! Wishing you all the best!
That's great. Congrats and good luck on that date.
Congrats. How did you do it? Do you have a car?
Congrats! Where did you guys meet?
You just gotta be a cool ass balding fat dude hahaha
It's always the same.
*just about anyone
Thanks boys we all gonna make it
Bro shes already my girlfriend haha
Yeah haha. I literally just had to be myself as clicked as that is. We'd been talking a while already and I just let her tell me about her life and interests and I guess it pushed the right buttons hahaha.   Also im a pretty charismatic guy so that helped.
Work more or less, we do t work at the same place but in the same area and I knew her from her coming in.
Lmao I'm working on it.
Oh I thought you asked her out to a date. My bad.   Either way,  that's even better! Wishing you all the best man.
After one date or were there more?
Gotcha. It was bound to happen at some point
Charismatic? Learned or natural? Were there other factors that hindered you before?
That's awesome. With your comment history and where you were before you should be mentoring people on how to get out of this FA pit! Still don't quite know how you did it but just glad you did. Gives everyone hope.
Only the one but we've known eachother a while
Apparently so,  as much as I didn't wanna believe it.
Natural I guess, I think a few years of self doubt and depression kinda dampened it. But ive kinda just stopped caring about negative shit.
I kinda just stopped taking life so seriously  I guess. Let shit happen and didn't take any offence to it.
[removed]
I think I might be in a similar boat. I don't have depression but more BPD. But when I'm "on" I can seem to charm people somewhat.
Ah yes a "balding fat dude" is truly the pinnacle of good looking and thats all to OP's success. I get where the pessimism comes from but at some point, it goes beyond that and only poisons yourself and those around you.   Life isn't as black and white as your pessimism has led you to believe. OP stands as clear proof of that.
Exactly why I need to hear these stories. OP's own comment history suggests he would've been one of the guys naysaying and suggesting it could never have happened to him not too long ago.
Exactly. Its not guaranteed for anyone but the possibility exists and OP got his chance by leveraging the positives that he had.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvmc2d/im_too_damaged/
I'm decently okay looking, and tall enough and built well enough to be attractive to some people. During times I'm not isolating myself, I actually even get hit on. Like recently I was in an inpatient mental health facility and I was constantly hit on, touched and even kissed, given phone numbers. It was really weird am I'm not used to that. But it doesn't matter, because I'm so shattered inside, and always have been. I've never had a real in person relationship, just long distance ones that only last for a while because I'm the problem. I can barely even look another human in the eye for more than a few seconds. I fumble over my words, or speak too slowly as I'm so unused to speaking aloud when my internal thought process is moving so much faster, I don't know how to do it well, ya know, like how a normal person does.  I know there's people who steal or are heavily addicted to drugs, and they're some of them have partners. I've already accepted that I'm alone, and that I'll probably be alone. But it definitely is difficult sometimes. After years of working, and distracting myself from my own shattered heart of trauma and unusual suffer, I've hit the point where I can no longer act as any other. I've been seeking help. Apparently I'm fairly fucked up. My therapist even said she thinks I could have PTSD as well, which was a surprise add to the list. I'm 24 years old, and alone the whole way. I fear for the day when I'm actually human, that I will have learned too late. By the time I've worked out enough of myself to actually be human with another, closely, I will be near death or so far removed that I am already dead to everyone else. Learning to dance when the party is almost over, but like, more alone.
Sorry you’re going through that bro, just take your time to heal, if girls are kissing and giving you numbers you’re miles ahead in my opinion take your time and work on your mental health. Wishing you Good luck
There comes a point in every guy's life when they have to be told: "Just man up, buttercup".   Most people on this sub will give up everything to get the attention you're getting from women. Just tough it out, the first couple of times will be nerve wracking, but it'll be worth it. Your therapist will identify your problems she won't solve it for you.   Take those numbers and text those girls. And most importantly, get off this sub.
I have a hard time speaking to others too, until I actually get to know them. The getting to know somebody part is what’s had for me. You’re not alone in living with these thoughts. I AM SEVERELY MENTALLY ILL AND A DRUG ADDICT and I somehow seem to maintain a normal life, somewhat I mean. When I actually mediated myself with antidepressants for social anxiety, I noticed how much easier it was to talk to others and how I cared so little of what they thought. Don’t give up hope
Thank you
I'm homeless and I'm going to focus on working on that, and therapy especially now. I'm not going to man up, because that's the horseshit that made me not deal with my feelings for years. What I will do, is be my own man, of my own principal, and work on myself because I feel the compulsion to do so, and further become myself.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvlk19/immovable_fate/
I feel like I'm constantly drawn towards this blank future where I die alone. The few people attracted to me are manipulative and the ones I'm attracted to never see me that way. It just seems inevitable. I'm not suicidal or anything like that, but I have no reason to believe that will change. It happens more than we'd think. People never finding someone to be with at the end of their life. Why would someone come along just to prevent that? Life isn't so easy. Nobody owes me anything. The world doesn't owe me anything. I have myself. I have my hobbies. I have my passions. But I don't have anyone to share that with. And I probably never will.
Thought that there was no way I'd be alone for very long after my last relationship in high school and three years later I've only moved backwards more alone than ever. Nothing leads me to believe I'd have steps forward. I get u completely my guy.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvpy41/i_havent_felt_any_sort_of_love_for_someone_in/
I doubt i'm arosexual/aromantic (although people have thought I am in the past) but it's very, very difficult for me to feel any kind of real 'love' like I did with my very first crush in my freshmen year of highschool which ended horribly. I've never felt that kind of absolutely insane rush, adrenaline, butterflies every single time they text me, etc. and i'm genuinely afraid that i'll never feel it again or fully understand what real love is like, but i've also oddly felt fine about not having a partner. It hasn't bothered me much. I've had exes but none of the relationships progressed very far, and I even ended up being the one to end it.   I'm afraid that i'm just some sort of 'broken' and won't ever feel like that again to anybody. And I also don't really care at the same time, and i'm not 100% sure if the fear or apathy is the lie. Has anyone had a similar experience?
I'm the same exact way. I don't think I will ever feel that way again.
Yea I've had the same experience. I generally have a hard time relating and understanding people , but that problem is only doubled when with women.   The girls I've asked was always because I thought they were cute,never because we had something in common, be it interests or hobbies or opinions etc because it seems barely anyone in my country does.
[deleted]
No. I don't. How in the world is that frowned upon, that's like one of the most popular hobbies of all time. Thanks for chucking my problem up to "haha he likes anime what a "nerd" "
[deleted]
? Okay ? And? I don't watch it.
[deleted]
alright. Suit yourself, looks like you made the decision for me.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvn2rm/close_to_the_home/
Was rewatching Spider-Man: Homecoming. And this dialog between Ned and Peter -I'll just be myself -Peter, nobody wants that It was meant as a joke but I felt that and honestly, I think we need to hear this harsh truth from people instead of sugarcoating
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kv2hmp/how_the_fuck_do_you_accidentally_hook_up_with_a/
I'm honestly so fucking stumped and depressed right now. A female housemate of mine just came back from her family and friends, and we talked a bit about what happened to us on our holidays and stuff like that.   We got to our love and dating life, and while mine unsurprisingly was not really different at all from it's non-existent state from before the quarantine or outside of the holidays, she apparently "accidentally" hooked up with a long-standing friend of hers. Just like that.  I don't even want to be with her myself, it's just so insanely frustrating to me that this whole thing is apparently so fucking easy for everybody on this fucking planet, except for us in here. I hate that other people have sex so easily and readily, and even beyond their usual statements. Just before she departed for home, she told me that apparently all of her friends told her that they find her attractive, but she said that she would never fuck them. Lo and behold, an """""accidental""""" hookup.   I'd just want to be able to fucking pretend that sex doesn't exist and it's all one big dumb meme
Hahahahahah what the fuck
Woops looks like I accidentally just fucked my friend \*big eye roll\*
"Oh yeah I slipped and fell on a dick hehe"  Bruh.
this is like a text version of the "you guys are getting paid" meme.  all I can say is keep  trying, after blaming myself and other people I figured out why
Having female friends. I don’t think I’ve ever had a female friend. I have women I’m friendly with but solely because I’m friends with their boyfriends already.   My mom used to say there’s no such thing as purely platonic friendships between men and women. I’m inclined to somewhat agree.
>he told me that apparently all of her friends told her that they find her attractive, but she said that she would never fuck them. Lo and behold, an """""accidental""""" hookup  Why TF does this always seem to happen??  I have had this happen so many times usually a girl with one of my friends and not me.  It's like surface level they say oh yeah he's not my type but then later something happens and they hook up.
God I feel this. I try to ignore thoughts of sex, pretend it doesn't exist because it's just upsetting. But it's all my colleagues talk about. Hurts ngl.
Could be any number of things, drinking, horny or have a mutual attraction but don't want a relationship maybe? The way it happens is that they were alone together when one of these things was going on and there was some moment that sparked it. The moment doesn't really matter. All that matters is they decided to act on it for whatever personal reason
It's not an "accident" but people use that word because it's nicer to say than "unexpected", because that implies that they actually welcomed it to some degree, even if it happened with lowered inhibition (and if it was completely unwelcome then it's just rape and not a hook up).  I honestly hate that "accident" rhetoric though, because it is the excuse that rapists use all the time and the only reason why they can use it is because normal people use it too if they are ashamed of their casual sex.  Think about it this way, if you trip and ram into another person there is a **MUCH** higher change to "break their neck and murder them" than there is to "stick your suddenly erect penis in them". "Accident" is just flat out the wrong word, but people love to use words for their connotation instead of using them for their actual meaning.
He tripped and fell into her, obviously
She would never do that. Not in a thousand lifetimes! But she was horny and it accidentaly happened. Like she would nEVeEeR eat gas station hot dog. Until she is kinda peckish. It's  just a human nature to boast about our high standarts while everything is good.
It's crazy how some people never find love or even sex in their entire lives, while others casually describe it as if it were the result of a metaphysical crit roll on a d20.
[removed]
[removed]
Well i wouldnt say that its easy for everybody and i wouldnt consider "accidentally hookups with a friends" as beneficial from the perspective of time. But its only my subiective opinion.
Yeah I don't understand it either. It's like a language everyone speaks except us.
Are you planning to continue meeting or hang out with her? if it was me i would not, I can't be with someone like that, it will always make me feel less and insecure.
It can happen [like this](https://comicsalliance.com/files/2011/10/vytkb.jpg).
I checked your profile and God, you look hot lmao but idk why you aren't getting any girls💀💀💀✋.
Dude, first of all, you’re a guy so it’s easier for women to have casual sex then men. Even if they are average looking.  YOU, are a good looking, tall, white guy with an incredible jawline. I have no idea what you’re so upset about. You could definitely get laid if you were in the right place at the right time.
I really don't understand why you angry. Yeah people do kind of things and we can't. Probably its because they are handsome. I think if he was an ugly person this accident couldn't happen.
I use to try chatting to girls online. Some even local. We'd have really deep conversations and I thought that maybe we'd form a relationship. That they might be lonely like me. Till I found out they were always dating around in real.  I always thought starting as friends was the best way to form a good relationship. Then I found out everyone was just skipping that part and fucking. It got me pretty bitter. Your post made me think of that. How it happens in real too. I feel you OP.
Hyperbole. Other people do not have sex so easily and readily. That would probably be only 5% of guys who do. For women it’s a lot easier because they control the access.
People trip and fall accidentally. I don't see how someone can "accidentally" have sex.
It was a dark, cold and stormy night. She was eating a banana. He was drinking wine. Drum! Thunder, thunder, thunder. He accidentally dropped wine on their clothes. "Oh no, there is wine in our pants. It's all my fault. We will end up catching a cold like this.", "I know, let's remove our pants! It will be better for our health", "Great idea. Good thing we have so much intimacy.". She dropped the banana on the floor during the confusion. She bent to grab the clothes. Drum! Thunder, thunder. Oh no, he accidentally slipped on the banana while both of them were bottomless. "Ah, you are inside me, you better get out", "Oh no, I cannot, I am stuck", "It seems like your hard, hard phallus got imprisoned inside me because the surprise made my muscles contract. Quick, let's get it out.", "Oh no, but if you keep moving like that I am gonna...", "Aaah!... What a terrible, terrible accident we committed there."
[deleted]
Sounds like your spirit animal is the ostrich
No accident there.
Well, it is, practically.
Well shit........[accidents do happen!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xxu7Ko2JSlI)
Wait you have a female housemate?
Slipped on a banana peel
This scenario is wack bro. I feel you
I can’t have a female friend whatsoever. It wont workout
Well maybe someday she'll "accidentally" hook up with you. So thats good. But yeah it really makes me feel worthless when I hear about shit like this
The explanation is there was already some attraction there. Perhaps they were alone, got drunk and wanted sex. Obviously if you are ugly then you don’t know the benefits of being attractive. It gets you perks like “accidentally hooking up” with people, among other things.
Maybe talk to her about it? If you aren’t interested in her, it shouldn’t be that awkward. I would explain to her how this stuff doesn’t happen “accidentally” for guys like you (and the rest of us on this sub). She may have advice from her clearly different perspective than yours.
Hasn't she seen the whole series that MTV, of all people, did on this!? [Sex is no accident, guys](http://creativecriminals.com/print/mtv/sex-is-no-accident)
Yeah so I'm not sure how this is new to you, but any straight female with ~~even an ounce of sexuality and~~ low standards can get laid pretty much whenever they want.  I saw your pic from previous post. You are objectively very good looking. But that doesn't matter too much, despite what this audience will tell you. You either know exactly what I'm talking about, or somehow convinced yourself that you're ugly and that's why.  I see you like you're Seabiscuit and I'm looking for a racehorse. You have tons of potential, and assuming you aren't disfigured or have some level of deal-breaking baggage, I could get you laid more than a hotel comforter.  Some people have it naturally, but I think its pretty rare. Swag, allure, attraction, aura, "thing"; for the vast majority of us, it has to be learned, practiced, implemented for public display and finely tuned. "There is just some**thing** about him/her"  Its what pitch of voice you talk in, how you dress, how you wear your hair, where your eyes are looking and when, how you stand still, how you walk, your demeanor, your laugh, what you laugh at, the content of your speech, etc. etc. etc. IT ALL MATTERS, and collectively is more important than any other single thing, like looks, car, money, etc. in terms of sexual attractiveness.  If you've seen a girl that is objectively a 5, 6, 7 on physical looks and yet you can't take your eyes off of her, then you know what I mean.
[removed]
Dude, i saw your pics in previous post. IMHO you have a decent chance of her accidentally hooking up with you. Good luck bro.
I guess this concludes that the friendzone is bs and a girl will love who she wants even if she is friendzoned by that guy.
Uh I almost accidentally hooked up with a friend. Came home to a night of drinking, and I let her stay at my place cause drunk. I only have one bed, easy to make a move. Dumb me didn’t make a move
One big dump meme XD I'll remember that one and dw sek is for loser, 8 years more to go to become a wizard! Wanna cry with me in a corner?
It's happened to me before. Me and my really close friend got really fucking wasted together and ended up fucking. We have never spoken about it since.
It depends on how you tell the story, but possibly signals were missed?  You could retell it as an intro to an x-rated story with minimal modification.  "Now that the holidays were over and the housemates were back together, her deep blue eyes fluttered dreamily as she gazed into his soul and her breath quickened as she slowly related her steamy holiday vacation story of spontaneous juicy sex with a friend; a friend wearing a sexy black tee shirt, a friend who just chugged a can of miller lite, a friend left alone with a horny girl at precisely 9:15pm, a friend sitting with her in a kitchen.  Back in the present world, her story continued as she stroked his arm, stared into his eyes, licked her lips, and she edged her heaving breasts ever closer to OP.  As the retold story got ever steamier and stickier and the wall clock ticked inevitably toward 9:15pm, OP gradually became aware that OP was, oddly enough, also nearly done with his own can of miller lite while comfortably slouching in his kitchen chair in his comfy faded black tee shirt.  Her retelling of the story concluded as the wall clock struck 9:15pm and OP scientifically observed her seductively shimmying like an erotic dancer out of her sheer skin tight shirt.  What an odd set of coincidences to tell my Reddit bros about, thought OP, as he walked out and left her alone in the kitchen to privately rinse the spilled beer out of her shirt, huh she must have spilled beer on her bra as she removed that also, pants too; he considered she's gonna catch a cold unless she dresses more warmly, while he posted on Reddit from his empty cold bedroom retreat, well you know women are such lightweight drinkers and I'm sure she wants to launder that immediately to prevent beer stains..."  Oh wait scratch that last line it needs a lot of work to be an x-rated story.  But you get the idea, anyway.
Yea. Not my fondest memory but I almost hooked up with someone I care about last year. I hated how that unfolded, but slowly, im realizing it is better than if I had.  It wasnt real. And if im to find what I really seek, that will be real.   These experiences and lessons shape us into who were supposed to be.
Are you laughing about my post or the scenario?
to us its weird and scary how normal this seems for them. i guess its things only normies understand or something...  on a funnier note, this reminded me of that guy like accidentally falling into her like bubbles from trailer park boys dropping carts [https://youtu.be/uVo2ss5qoiY?t=93](https://youtu.be/uVo2ss5qoiY?t=93)
Wow, I needed this 😂 You've made my day here
Came here to say this
It's not fun when you fell in love with her. And you likely will.   As FAers, most of us are deprived of any kind of affection and care from other people - well, guess what girls do to their friends often, add two and two together, and you have a recipe for disaster.  Your mom is 100% right.
You can easily have friendships with men and women and most people that works with there is often either a blatantly stated "nope its not happening" or you just know on a personal level that you wouldn't make a great anything.      I guess emotional maturity has a lot to play in it.
Sorry, but I disagree about "no such thing as purely platonic relationships between men and women."  That's pretty much all of mine.  I do actually have friends, and for my entire life, very nearly all of them have been women.  And the idea of somehow just happening to wind up having sex is still bafflingly alien.  Of course, part of that may be that I wouldn't want to have sex outside the context of a relationship, and I'd need to be very comfortable with and trusting of someone even to let them touch me -- no matter how touch-starved I might be.  I suspect a lot of us here are on the autism spectrum and need emotional intimacy in order to handle physical intimacy, and that's the real problem.   Obviously, that's not *everybody's* real problem; just pointing out that being friends with women doesn't necessarily make you any more likely to get sex or a relationship out of it.
> My mom used to say there’s no such thing as purely platonic friendships between men and women.   I realize this is /FA subreddit but I have personal experience it works great IF and ONLY IF both of them have healthy sexually active romantic relationships.  It is of course completely impossible if one or both are unsatisfied in their sex life.  Not entirely sure how it works with women but if the guy is operating with "post nut clarity" then the platonic relationship will be fine even if she's objectively hot.
I had a female friend once, but she ghosted me when she found a boyfriend.
I can say from my own experience, this is not true. One of my greatest friends is a boy and we have no attraction towards each other. We are not at all each other's type, like at all. However, we're very compatible as friends. And I've heard of other people having completely platonic friends of the opposite gender. This is may be rare tho, but it does exist.
I know a lot of people that hook up with people that aren’t their type, that’s why it’s usually a hook up and not something long lasting
Yeah, I also hate how sexual our society is. Brazen displays of it everywhere, and it itself valued so much and so openly. I know it sounds way too conservative and all, but it kinda feels like it all is overly rubbed into my face all the time. Like not just knowing that your friends went out without you, but seeing it plastered all over social media.
How do you spark that moment
No lies but apparently most ladies dont want hookups
Oh, for me it's less about making that decision if I would be in the position to do so, and more about having the choice. Like, I would never buy a big-ass car if I would be rich, but I still get jealous when I see rich people driving by in an expensive Porsche or whatever, because I never had that choice, while they did, you know?
I mean we live in the same house, and all of us here are generally really tight-knit together, so it's bound to happen anyway. But even if it weren't, literally 100% of my peers already had sex, or have sex on the regular, even if they aren't dating someone right now, so there would be no “escape“ for me anyway.   Also, I ultimately know that my hangups regarding stuff like that are kinda selfish, childish and that pretty much nobody except for the people on this sub could understand my plight.
I mean, these pictures are quite curated, but thank you regardless. It's just that I never really had that experience of a tall, attractive white dude, you know?
[removed]
I'm sure somewhere, someone wrote hentai with this exact same plot
I guess so, which only makes it worse. As in, am I really so ugly that not one of my long-standing female friends considered hooking up with me while being drunk? I guess I already know the answer to that one.
Yes, why? We are two women and three men here, including me.
Unlikely. I'm her housemate, so there is another barrier between us, I wouldn't want to fuck her, and I highly doubt she could find me attractive. And entertaining that thought would also just lead to me being constantly aware of the underlying sexual nature of all humans around me, and me being the notable exception to that.
Yeah, no shit
But why should I? It was an off-hand comment, not like she told me that to elicit any kind of emotional reaction from me. I am aware that stuff like this commonly happens to people my age, and that I am well off the curve, I'd just rather pretend that it doesn't.
> If you've seen a girl that is objectively a 5, 6, 7 on physical looks and yet you can't take your eyes off of her, then you know what I mean.  I actually haven't. The only girls I've ever been interested in were the ones who I've actually known for at least some time and the thing they had in common was that they were really empathetic.  Maybe it's because I come from an emotionally abusive household, but I really find an empathatic personality million times more attractive than any "looks and behaviour". I guess not caring about that is my problem to begin with.
Cool story bro. What about my post made you think that I would appreciate your comment? I am aware that it happens, hence my rant.
>She just came over to chill and watch movies.  Is it possible that someone can be so clueless?
"Accidentally"
Thanks for the sentiment my dude, and while I might not be the ugliest motherfucker around, I somehow highly doubt that I'm attractive enough that someone with way better options would rescind their principles for me.
Fucking hilarious this shit is getting downvoted. Sorry for not agreeing with the hivemind!
The scenario, I'm with you
Exactly. Which is why I live by the timeless motto of “she doesn’t like you. She’s just being friendly”
What do girls do to their friends often? Im genuinly interested
I fall in love with literally any girl who’s nice to me.
Yeah I’m not really sure how I feel about what my mom says. It’s not like I have much field experience so I will defer.
Where is my hookup then? I must be nobodies type :D
You can't really intentionally spark it. It's more about social awareness and engagement. You put yourself in situations and engage. Different people spark in different ways to different things. You figure out what ways of flirting works for you through trial and error. You escalate, usually slowly, and then you take an opportunity that presents itself.      As an example, you're hanging out with a friend alone. You end up watching a movie at some point, maybe having had a drink or two together. You end up sitting near each other. Some amount of touching happens. Doesn't mean it's direct. Could be pushing or tickling or something. Could be an arm around the shoulder getting comfy. Depends on your dynamic. At some point maybe it escalates a bit. Maybe you just catch each others' eyes for a second and linger a little longer than a passing glance. You seize that moment and you kiss them. Then it just devolves from there. Sometimes it doesn't and it stops. There are lots of ways it doesn't happen lol and it varies based on the people. YOu have to understand the social dynamic you each have as well as how to flirt with those lines to find out where it stops or if they're open to pressing further. It's a back and forth testing the waters while you're alone until one of you makes the move and assuming the signals were read correctly, the other one accepts and it escalates further. Sometimes they don't. You can misread signals. It happens.
Firstly there needs to be chemistry between you ..or some light booze.
That's what they might say but I guarantee most women are engaging in hookups if they aren't already in a committed relationship. They're just more quiet about it.
They only "don't want them" when they don't want it with you.  Don't get it mixed up though, they are hooking up with others.
People say things and do other things.  There's a reason slvt shaming is such a massive thing with women. It's because they do hookups and don't want to feel bad about it.  Also since when has the word slvt been banned by automod?
That is a lie, some do some don't, it depends on where they are in their lives, how sexual they are and so on. It is no different than men.
Do you talk about your situation with you female friend? If so what does she say about it?
It's not your looks man. It's how you carry yourself. Its cemented in their head; its a natural feeling to them. Societal standards, environment, etc. formed triggers that will attribute to how they view you sexually. It's nothing to be upset about as most people don't naturally do this correctly, but you should address it before you get too much older and form a complex about your virginity. There is probably some low-hanging fruit that could be easily fixed and get you trading in that V-card in soon after.
Makes sense. But you’re telling me you haven’t gotten any attention whatsoever on dating apps with those pics?
Yes but it seems like you are angry to your friends they can't stop having relationships just because we can't. I can understand you but this is nature of life. As a 20 years old man I am dealing with romantic desires so bad but this is not about other people.
[deleted]
Welp
I just see her as a resource who could maybe help you. Tell her your struggling with lady-relations and see what she can offer. If I had a friend who was getting attention from the opposite sex I’d value their perspective.
Well, that is a great example of a characteristic that you naturally prioritize. So then, can you remember a time when you might’ve thought a woman maybe wasn’t your type, and then after seeing how empathetic she is, it totally changes how you see her?  Everyone has their triggers, but some are very common like traditional masculine traits or obvious societal norms
I didn't make it with your appreciation in mind.
Sure does happen, but seriously, don't give that dude attention. Look at his other replies in this thread and now this one, he's just jerking himself off on his past "conquests", if they are even real.
[removed]
Im not. Haters going to hate. At least i can look myself in the mirror these days.
Thanks bro
The main difference is that they're allowed to show their emotions, unlike guys who're pressured to hide everything. Everything else comes from that.. that's why I received a single hug in 31 years.  It was a just a pity hug, but a hug nonetheless. .
Honestly I just looked at your profile out of curiosity what you look like and I honestly don’t understand (from appearance) how you can’t get hook ups lol. It’s interesting though, shooting you a DM
[removed]
😂 ONG
Nope, no real reason to. I know that my complaints would come across as childish and selfish, and make it sound like I am sl*t-shaming her (censored because it got caught in automod), when I'm really just fucking depressed because I hate my own life so much.
I mean, I have gotten matches sure, but my like-to-match-ratio still isn't too good, and then even less of those matches lead to her responding to my texts, and even less of those then lead to actual conversations, and then less of those lead to actual meetups, which in turn never really led to anything. One of those was my fault, because I didn't really know where I was at sexually and my hesitation kinda killed her desire for me, but I'm definitely a far cry away from being chaddy in any way, form or shape.
Please read my other comments in this thread before you pass such a severe judgement about me. I am only angry at the fact that other people my age have such an easy time randomly hooking up and myself for being so unsalvageable. At no point am I insinuating that somebody owes me love and bodily attraction, I am just lamenting the fact that nobody seems to want to give them to me freely.
Oh, I know, didn't mean to imply that. But I do think I can say with certainty that it is more a case of "embarrassed to admit it" and not outright non-consensual.
It's definitely not me not being able to speak to women that is holding me back. I have numerous female friends, with which I talked about these things often, and I have also talked to women before, obviously. It's just my looks holding me back, which makes any rhetoric or mannerisms fall flat immediately.
My trigger is garbage though, since it's not only difficult to spot, but also very rare compared to the traits that you listed.  It's also a garbage trait in general, since its one that makes someone more susceptible to emotional pain in a world which rewards individualism, as in everyone mostly cares for their own freedom and happiness.  The only positive thing I've managed to do because of my personality was helping dozens of students to graduate over the last 8 years in my job as a private tutor, since I know how it is to have the worst self-esteem ever and I simply treated everyone the way that I wished that I was treated. Helping someones self-esteem who thought of themselves as hopeless is still one of the greatest feelings ever. That's going to ends soon though.  Sorry for going off-topic, but I honestly think that it's an awful trigger that makes me hopeless and I just wish to kill myself, which I probably will in the future. In fact my first crush (which was the only girl who was nice to me at the time, despite me being the bully target number 1) committed suicide. Nice, isn't it?
/r/ihavesex is that way pal
>there was sexual tension  It's like telling a poor starving child in Africa to go to kitchen and open the fridge and eat something... Are you enjoying this?
For a lot of people (the majority?) being FA is more of a psychological thing. I'm not as hot as OP (who is a hunk if you ask me), but I look good enough that I should be able to do something, but I've never figured out how it works. I'd have no idea how to get a random girl to kiss me, let alone hook up. Literally no clue.  I remember being at a party (more than  year ago, sigh) with a friend who took one of her friends as well. It was basically four hours of me awkwardly standing next to my friend, too loud to talk, too awkward to dance. At some point a dude who certainly didn't look like a model came up to us, and just hung around my friend's friend. She was annoyed with him (or pretended to), but after a few minutes they started kissing. Blew my fucking mind.
The Shit kinda stung for a second tbh
Thats one benefit of this sub. I turned 26 today and a younger guy I’m acquainted with couldn’t understand how I didn’t have a gf
It can be frustrating & depressing. But don't be so hard on yourself. I don't have many friends, although a few female friends. I talked with them about my dating experiences (or rather my lack thereof) and generally speaking, it's just much easier for women to hook up etc.  I definitely understand your frustration, although you probably shoudn't hate your life because of that. Hate it for other reasons (I'm kidding). But yeah it sucks. Best of luck man.
Makes sense. But just letting you know, it’s not just FA types that go through this stuff.   This happens to even chads as well. Not sure if that makes you feel better, but every guy has experienced it!
He’s not really judging you he’s just saying these things tend to happen as life isn’t fair to everyone.
[deleted]
I feel your frustration pal. Good luck.
No, it's a great quality to look for in someone. Much better than many personality traits I can think of
I wasn't aware that was a thing.
Honestly though mate it seems like your approach to the problem might be wrong. I can give you some pointers if you want, no guarantee that they’ll work of course, but so far it’s worked for friends of mine
I am aware.
[removed]
[removed]
Thanks man
I mean, I personally think it's great or otherwise I wouldn't be attracted to it, but it's still garbage and borderline self-harming for the reasons I've listed.
[deleted]
ok incel
[deleted]
>depending on the circumstances.  The problem is that in lot of cases the objective circumstances are unknown.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvhfpy/i_got_0_happiness/
I always go around with this face 😐 I got 0 happiness in me. I get yelled at by my parents everyday. There is always something wrong that they complain about. I don’t know what to do anymore, I feel so weird minded. Today I started to talk with 2 girls from a different city that didn’t judge me and wanted to be friends online. One of them liked me personality wise and I thought we really had something. Till one day she didn’t want to talk anymore. But today I got told she lost her virginity and everything. I feel so fucking down it’s unbelievable. I don’t want to go to school anymore, I just want to watch youtube videos in a dark room. I don’t want to see anybody. I just want to die.
"fOLLoW YoUR OwN pATh aND GIrlS WILL COmE tO YoU"  my ass they will, I'm just bound to stay alone forever
She's probably not good, but of course I don't know her, so who knows.  You should only be upset when YOU do something wrong. I know it's not wrong what she did, but yeah.  You sound young. As long as you're still in school, you'll have many more opportunities. Once you're out of school, things get harder, so take advantage of the situation and be vigilant.
Not worth living anymore
What do you mean with opportunities?
[deleted]
I mean once you get out of school, it becomes harder to meet people (especially women if you go into a male dominated job). So I'm saying to keep your eyes open for other people now. Don't worry about her though. It's not your problem.
Mate. There is no girls in my school. Maybe 8? But they all busy and trashy.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvj3nn/most_people_are_okay_with_being_alone_until_they/
Here I am again, although I claim Im alright being alone. It seems like plenty of people are okay with "being alone" until they are truly alone.  What I mean, for example I see people complaining they are alone when they still have people to communicate with. Which sucks, but still you have someone to talk to, even if they dont give a shit, its someone you can pretend cares about you, which I did for some time.  Ill accept my situation. I had plenty of friends, im very genuine, sociable, care a lot, but not too clingy of course, because god forbid you give someone too much care.   I think people who really understand what loneliness is like would understand we go through phases, waves per say. I have great weeks I am content being alone. However I still have nights I drink very heavily, and I write whatever pointless thoughts are on my mind I cannot tell friends. Do you guys experience these waves? Its euphoric for a very short period, then miserable for a very short period.   Im just tired of "close friends" saying they care, then ignore you when you try to talk to them. Or one night you crack and send them that dreaded drunk text, explaining how isolated you feel. They will say how much they care and want to help, but only for the night. God forbid they are interrupted in their next daily business task. I dont mean to try to sound selfish. I do my absolute best to be there for anyone and everyone because of this specific reason, nobody ever did it for me. I guess the world has stayed the same, or the world is changing. Who knows, I hear both arguments as if the people speaking it think its absolute truth..   I dont know anymore. Im in a feedback loop, and Id love to hear your thoughts. Have you dealt with this? Im sure you have. Messages are welcomed 100 percent, take care you lonely fuckers. We all try our best.
I like spending about 60%-70% of my time alone. Unfortunately, I spend about 90% of my time alone and the time ‘not alone’ is with immediate family or people I don’t really like.   Being alone for too long feels like you are dying, it’s atrocious
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvinu8/im_not_gonna_act_interested_in_what_people_have/
I always with everyone I talk to try to show that I’m interested in what they have to say. I always respond, ask questions, do things to make them feel like I care about what they’re saying.  When I try to talk to people, I don’t get the same in return. They just fucking ignore what I say. I don’t understand how to have a conversation. This happens so much, but I see the same person having a conversation and laughing with someone else. I’m not autistic but if I was told that I am I wouldn’t doubt it. I’m just so socially awkward and inept I can’t talk to most people.  I’m not gonna feign interest anymore to these people. If they say something I care about and I feel like responding I will, but if not, I’m just gonna ignore them. Obviously it’s not a bad thing to do if they do it and they’re happy, in relationships, have lots of friends, etc. Obviously I’m just a fucking idiot thinking I should respond to what people say when you’re supposed to just ignore people.
OH I feel this, especially after all the interactions I had over this whole quarantine, Im not gonna put any extra effort into conversations unless Im actually interested in whats going on.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvklqd/my_standards_arent_even_high_yet_its_impossible/
My standards arent high I promise you. Im literally only into thick/chubby girls/girls with few extra pounds. I dont even care what their face looks like, as long as she's thick then it's find with me. I havent had a girl like me since fucking high school. Im 20 now and the last time a girl liked me is when i was 17. I've gone 2 YEARS OF COLLEGE with 0 girls that have been interested me. This sucks so much cause I was told my chances of getting a girlfriend would be better in college. Literally so many ppl told me "dont worry. an opportunity will present itself in college." I've had 0 opportunities. All the girls i meet are already taken or we only see each other in a platonic way. I was so miserable that I lost my virginity to an escort at 19(back in November) and it at least helped me stop caring about sex but i for the love of god can not stop wondering about whether i'll ever find someone into me. I even keep having dreams about it. Omg i just wanna die soon. i hope to fucking god that i'll be dead in the next 20 years. I've literally said it so many times so im hoping it will actually become true.
Ehhh, I think it’s kinda rude saying your standards aren’t high because you’re into chubby girls. Because that’s saying they’re less than? ......unless I’m reading into this too much. Lol. But I must say, I can relate because I find chubby/overweight men to be wayyyyy more attractive than men with six packs etc. lol. You have good taste, High five! 🤚
So I know I just roasted you in the hip-hop head section fam,  but I mean this genuinely, you need to beat your dick and then go out there and talk to the next girl that you’re into. It doesn’t matter if you think she’s out of your league it doesn’t matter any side bullshit, the next woman that you see that you want you go up to her, with every intent for sex but just be a gentleman about it.   Normally I wouldn’t suggest hail Mary plays like this but ask her out, Tell her you wanna take her on a date, Normally you should not put yourself in a position to be rejected without knowing more about this person, but in corona times we need to be straight to the point. Use the fact that you have a mask to your advantage, she will appreciate that you asked her out on a date and she will want to know what you look like.
People today are spoiled for choice, especially women, yes I said it! Sure there are FA women in the world but between tinder, the internet and easy access to sex on demand the market has become saturated making men and women a dime a dozen and so its easier to hold out for the Bigger better deal.
Heh heh. I can relate how you say you don't even have "high standards".  What I mean when I say this is that I'm certainly not looking for a supermodel, but I *do* seem to be rejected by people who seem to be at least "in my league".  Personally I think it's my BPD and it happens to be something women can detect.
He meant by society's standards.
Ahh. I get it. It’s so weird how a lot of us aren’t attracted to what society finds attractive.
I was friends with a classmate a few years ago. We hanged out sometimes. And it happens that we stumble upon other classmates sometimes. Later i was peer pressured and was mocked for being friends with him. I didn't go out with him anymore. He was a little bit weirder in some way than others, but in a positive way. That's one personal example.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvgrcq/i_wish_i_can_have_my_own_personalized_clone_of/
Let me explain   I(M21) wish I can get a cloned version of a girl I have a crush on. If I had this , I would be the happiest man in the world. I would finally have someone to talk to, someone to cuddle with ,and a real reason to leave this sub (r/ForeverAlone). But it is what it is.
Yea don't we all wish for unreasonable things
You know, they say need is the mother of invention. I’ve seen some movies where there are some pretty convincing ladybots. Just sayin....
I don’t, because my clone wouldn’t even like me.
Hey same, if I could date the perfect guy he would just be a male version of me. I wonder how common that is
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvhhdf/when_i_get_a_girlfriend_i_wish_she_will_allow_me/
I don't have a girlfriend at the moment but I know if I do get a girlfriend, I will be pretty clingy. I know that's probably a bad thing but for me , I feel this way only because she will be my first girlfriend.
I know what you're saying. You just want to be free to feel what you feel without acting "hard" and stoic.  I know it's not, but it feels a little like you're being punished for having emotions that don't come from a place of ill-will.  But as they say "it's all fare in love and war"? 🤷‍♂️ Which sucks but seems to be the case, much to my chagrin.
It may scare some away, but if you find the right type, do it. Fuck those people and their codependency "problems". I'd be happy AF if I could be COD. Some people don't have the luxury of that. It's so amusing to see people that have COD complaining about it.  In order to heal, you're going to need some closeness for a while. I don't consider COD to be a legitimate problem.
If I get a girlfriend, I’d be happy as hell.  As happy as the Chiefs winning the super bowl for the first time in 50 years.   I’ve had to suffer through years of failure and loneliness, that catching a break for once in my life would probably feel pretty great.
My parents are codependent and is probably the biggest reason why I despise my life now. It's not me who is codependent, but it's me who had to suffer the consequences of it.  It's probably also the reason why I never wanted to have children not matter what age I was, because I never wanted someone to be forced into this world just to suffer under my emotions.
What is COD?
COD is considered to be a largely toxic thing though for normal people. So I wouldn’t expect anyone to be thrilled if you tell them you’d want this.
Codependency. I didn't want to have to write that word a billion times lol. I was a little harsh here. I do understand that COD is an issue. It just pales in comparison to the problems many of us have. I was once at a depression treatment center and a large number of the people there had it and none of them exhibited any symptoms of depression despite saying they had it. I'm sure they did to some extent, but it was very minor. I mean, they'd be laughing and joking with each other, smiling, etc. Someone with true depression is not going to do that often or at all. That experience led me to believe that COD is not really a serious issue. It's more for those types of "my feels" kind of people. I do not invalidate their struggles, but it's simply not a big deal in the big scheme of things.
It's a privilege. From their perspective it might not seem like that, but it is. Imagine how they'd feel if they could never have COD?  Plus, COD is one of those things that doesn't have a clear dividing line. How much dependency do you need to become COD. Everyone has a little bit of COD in their relationships, so where do you draw the line?
There’s a difference between slightly clingy and codependent though.   Codependency is bad. It’s like you can’t live your life without the other person. Regardless of how lonely someone is that’s bad. Basing your whole existence on a relationship will leave you worse than before if it goes bad and there is a break up.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvdf2f/feeling_very_alone/
I have been having skin issues on my lips since I was 15 or 16. I am now 26. I have been judged very harshly by people for these bumps. I have tried to go to several different types of doctors and I can’t seem to find anyone who takes these bumps seriously, won’t really diagnose me or try to remove them. It’s taking a huge toll on my mental health and self esteem. I’m pretty sure only 1% of the population is dealing with these same health issues as me. I spend so much time online researching what this could be but I can never find anything close to what I’m dealing with. I also spend a lot time on health forums trying to get answers but nothing. I feel so isolated and alone. On top of that I deal with rosacea and acne. My depression and suicidal thoughts are at their worst.
Hey buddy :) I’m Shane.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvedpc/2021_is_not_going_great/
I'm currently in a lockdown and stuck in a immigration process which has bother me for few months and it'll probably continue to bother me for the next couple of month.  I kind of have the money to survive but when I see other people who are in the same situation except they don't get stuck and manage to find a job, I hate myself for making a decision which leads me to this fucked up situation.  I don't even bother to find any gf/love interest even though I have a chance to approach a girl. It is because my life is not going to the right direction and I will probably fuck it up too.  I have some fds who are in different countries but I don't want to bother them so much. They've got their own shit going on and they might not understand my situation.   I hope telling my feeling online help release my pressure and the tension.
Don't let yourself be emotionally effected by things outside your control. It's not your problem the world is the way it is. I know it's easier said than done.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvuqss/any_other_young_people_here/
im 16 which is still pretty early in life, but I already can tell that im gonna be FA.   Every attempt I make to form a new friendship, or start a relationship is always trumped by something, its like an invisible barrier, as if im not supposed to live that life.   I have a gut feeling that this is isnt gonna stop any time soon, and that no matter how hard I try something will always prevent me from forming friendships, relationships, overall being happy  early on I can already see that my life is moving in a lonely direction, and no matter how hard I try I can never seem to stop it, or send it down a different direction
It's early for you, so you've got time to change it before too late. Go seek council or therapy to talk about this. Open up about it to your parents. If you realize this now you have time to change it. Or your gut feeling is just anxiety. Idk.
You're 16,you have plenty of time. I was exactly in your position and half a year later, I had a best friend, who would die for me and that I would die for, dated a girl for three months (didn't work out in the end though, but that was my decision) and was on good terms with the popular people at school. I was going on parties every weekend and was elected as student representative of my school.  Don't give up yet... You might not have that much luck within half a year, but give yourself the time to achieve actually stuff, Rome wasn't build in day either...
\> any other young people here  Too many. My usual response is: come back in 5 years... or even better: \*don't\* come back in 5 years.
There’s a lot of young people here.   Same age as you, I suspect I’m autistic or something. It doesn’t really bother me as much anymore. I have other stuff to do
Do you feel that you are unable to be yourself around people?
I'm 17 and feel similar.
yupp
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kv712u/was_cancelled_on_again/
Was supposed to meet up with this girl today, nothing serious, just to finally meet and see how it goes, then as I'm getting ready I get the message that she can't today. Which I get, stuff happens, but what's frustrating is that I was pretty sure this would happen as it's hardly the first time. All last night and this morning I was telling myself not to get my hopes up because she'll probably cancel anyway.    Then there's the frustrating fact that she's not even showing that she's worth my time, but I'm so starved for attention that I'm putting way more effort into this than I should. She says she wants to meet, but she barely says anything. Short and sparse replies, yet I'm frequently checking to see if she's messaged. And this is the best I can get, ry makes me feel worthless.
I would say to either block her, or put in the same amount of effort as her. If she is serious about wanting to meet, then she’ll do whatever to make that happen.
Sorry buddy, if she had the slightest interest, she would have made it easy. Don’t torture yourself.
My general philosophy with this sort of thing is that if someone cancels once, you both look at rescheduling. If they cancel a second time, then it's up to them to take the initiative to reschedule, and if they don't, that's the end of it.
She's definitely at least a bit interested, but you're not her top choice so she's just keeping you on her leash in case her other options fall through. Up to you if you want to hold on hope or not.
If she didn’t mention rescheduling then she’s not interested.
Agreed.
I agree. OP is probably second or third string and something better came up.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kuv3f6/youre_a_great_guy_and_any_girl_would_be_lucky_to/

You can be the nicest, funniest, and smartest guy, but looks and physical attraction will always be the first barrier. If the girl doesn’t feel attracted to you, you won’t make it past that first barrier.
The worst part is when they start laughing
I don't think there's a man here that hasn't heard this repeatedly.
I would rather not hear it tbh
Honestly no one ever told me this, I am trash. But this is a code to say you are a pussy and undesirable.
Damn. This hits home.
Bros lesson one always cut someone off after they friendzone you. It only gets worse from then.
And other lies you can tell yourself
The "any of my friends" addition is brilliant and important. She'll think I'm a great guy... But it would be social suicide for her to set me up with any of her friends.
Not really  Am I attractive? I think so, but that's really subjective  Am I nice? Again, I think am a nice guy, but that's really subjective  Would I be  worth someone's time? I highly doubt it  You see, honestly I think I'm a good guy, but I'm boring as fuck, and the few things I'm good at it just enjoy doing, I guarantee you you could find someone else who can do the exact same thing as me, or better, and more attractive    Put yourself in that position, lest say you thought I was an amazing guy, one of the best you ever met, why be with me when you could find 1000s of other guys who are the same as me but more attractive?
EVERY girl friend of mine says that, and that I will find someone amazing who loves me cause I deserve it.  Why the fuck does no one want me then ?
Yeah, I wish.
> just not me or any of my friends  Or their friend's friends. Or any non-blind, non-deaf, non-desperate, non-tasteless girl in the world.  I'm not good enough for anyone in the world
"You can get any girl you want! Not me though..."
[removed]
[removed]
It just seems really controversial, but only when I say it
Telling the unattractive people that their looks is never the primary reason they've been rejected or even never considered as potential romantic partners is certainly very damaging but people still thinks that being 100% honest is a "cruel" thing. But I understand, the white lie makes things much more simple for the majority. Love is blind, Amiright?....
It's true
Had to learn that the hard way.
Looks and confidence. Guys gotta make the first move which shows confidence. But if you have no looks then you'll instantly be labelled creepy.
I 100% agree with you
I was all of them to her. But I wasn't her physical type. ✊😔
You just tell yourself that so you don’t have to face how the fact that you’re not nice, funny, smart or interesting.
This is kind of disingenuous. And I'm speaking as someone that has experienced what op is describing in the past a fair amount. You can get this even if they find you attractive enough to date. Sometimes people just don't connect. I didn't understand it back then. I've been told this by the same person that told me I was objectively more attractive than her ex boyfriend. I've been told this by people that found me attractive and people that didn't. Boiling this down to physical attraction is missing the entire context from her perspective.
hard disagree, for casual sex and hookups you're 100% right but not long term dating. i have a friend who was definitely one of the ugliest guys in school, really fucked up teeth, differently sized eyes, terrible hair and short-ish, but he was funny and charismatic af and everyone liked him, including the girls. he hooked up with some of the prettiest girls at parties, which is even more impressive considering he was a massive binge drinker at times and everyone had seen him completely wasted covered in puke at one time or another. but he dresses very well/fashionable and has an impeccable taste in music and djed most parties, so maybe that balanced it.  i personally would prefer getting a better personality over getting a better physical exterior. having random strangers on the street go "wow so beautiful" seems nice and validating but only short term- i would prefer people to think im awesome and get to know me because others talk highly of me, not to want to talk to me because of looks just to find out i have the personality of stale toast and not want anything to do with me besides maybe a one night stand.
Their awkward/uncomfortable laugh just accelerates all the negative emotions flowing through you...ugh
OMG this. I've had a few people (both females and males) before burst out laughing after looking at me, and that's usually while I'm just minding my own business on the bus and browsing Reddit on my phone. Although sometimes they do end up looking embarrassed afterwards, some do not. Whenever that happens, I go to washroom to look at myself in the mirror and my clothes (to check for rips, stains etc) but don't see anything out of the ordinary except my ugly face. One day I was walking home down a quiet street and one older guy gardening just stood there staring at me and laughing. I already knew I looked bad, but times like these just makes me cry inside.
Laughing is usually a defense mechanism, I wouldn’t take it personally.  Edit: Or do take it personally & miss the point entirely. Or, y’all could specify why I’m wrong.
Can't hear these words if you never even bother trying anymore 👍
100% same. Hate being lied to.
The last time I heard these words was 4.5 years ago. I had an out of body experience when she told me this because I was super confident that I was going to begin a relationship with her. I haven't even come close to any semblance of a relationship since. Fuck those words in the headline of this post.
people *do* have different tastes. It’s just impolite to say “I don’t like your personality enough to date you”  It would be refreshingly honest to hear that, though, after the initial “wtf did they just say?”
I wish I knew this like 3 years ago
I knew her since 10 years and I've never even gotten to the part where she introduced me to her real friends.  In hindsight, I should have realised what's what.
I think you touched on an important point. Being a good person isn’t usually as desirable as being exciting.
[deleted]
lol
what do you mean?
Why bring that up out of the blue? I don't think it's very common
It's only controversial because ppl don't want to admit their world view shattered, despite mountains of evidence pointing to the contrary.
People don't want to feel like assholes, so they will lie to your face and say "oh you aren't that bad, plus it's not even about looks anyway" when they know damn well they're lying.  If I was a normal person, I'd be extremely worried if people started telling me that looks are secondary to personality. They only say that to people without the looks.
As an unattractive dude who's been hit on and asked out before, I disagree. Anyone who claims uglyness is the main reason why they've *never* been able to find a romantic partner needs ro do some inteospection cause they probably have bigger issues they need to deal with, I'm speaking from experience. Every opportunity I've had of entering into a relationship failed because of reasons other that my unfavorable looks.
Agreed. Its misleading to say physical attraction is what matters. Its attraction that matters. Its the sum of all your parts.  That is good news, though. It is all adjustable, repairable, improvable. Attraction is 100% a skill. Its annoying to see those that seem to be born with it, as life seems to come so easy to these people. For the rest of us, we need to hone those skills.
Yep. Attraction is part looks, and part ... something else. That "something else" is hard to define, but it's absolutely crucial. And it's not based on an assessment of how nice, funny, etc. someone is, it's about the interpersonal chemistry.
this one off case is representative of the general population. if this guy looked that unattractive according to you and got with some of the prettiest girls, this must’ve been a long time ago and or at a area with little access to other attractive men. also, it’s not that looks is the only thing that matters but rather it’s the barrier of entry. If you’re completely repulsed to someone or see a person with major deformities, You’re likely not going to want to get to know them romantically.
Anecdotal evidence won't make the other statement false.
>really fucked up teeth, differently sized eyes, terrible hair and short-ish  a guy with a crooked teeth, a smaller eye, high hairline and below average height is a unfuckable ugly? you didn't have repulsive ugly faced guy with horrible acne skin, morbidly fat guy, bald guy with with shaved alien nerdy head, short ethnic skinny guys?...
The only way for me to buy what you are saying is to see the guy
Exception, not the rule. If that was a thing than there would be way less complaints accross the board. Also how long ago was that? Because the game has definitely changed over time.
Hahaha I read the first few words and immediately thought yeah he's getting downvoted.  People want something out of their control to be the scapegoat so they can make sense of their struggles. Its unnerving to fail and struggle for a long time and have nothing to blame but your own ability to succeed. Physical attraction undoubtedly carries a lot of weight, but its only a piece to overall attraction.  The harsh reality is that while this world is unforgiving but it is malleable for the unwavering. People on here don't want to hear it but there's ugly dudes all over the place with zero concerns over their romantic life.
Maybe
Believe me I stopped trying long ago.
> personality  i
Yea I learned it the hard way too pal
[removed]
Trans girls are often seen just as exotic sex objects by men.
Idk why people hang on to it, there’s nothing to be ashamed of in having biased first impressions of people. We all do it, the important thing is being aware that we’re doing it.
>unattractive dude  Attractiveness is not binary (hot/average/ugly) but continuous. There's big difference between guys that are in the bottom 5% and guys in the 15-25 percentile... Yes, they all consider themselves as unattractive and feel overlooked (even average guys often feel this way) but their real chances are different.
Well as an unattractive guy, who's never been hit on or asked out, I disagree with you.
Thats exactly it. It's very nebulous and difficult to define but incredibly important
[deleted]
in this case it literally is. if you're ugly meeting potential partners is a lot harder and pretty privilege is a thing, i just hate this mentality of "its literally just my looks" because chances are its not. if you are the funniest, smartest, kindest, most charismatic and most amazing person in the room, people will gravitate towards you and be interested in you despite your looks. they wont approach you on the street and wont want to be approached by you in the street, but irl, after they've witnessed a top shelf character? what's really sad is that being ugly makes it harder for people to be confident and charismatic and it makes people feel inferior and exude that. other people can pick up on that. conventionally unattractive people cant get away with having a shitty personality the way attractive people can, but your exterior wont disqualify every aspect of your personality and accomplishments.
yeah all of this. id actually take it one step further- people on here focus far too much on faces/bone structure. there's a shit tonn you can do to at least not be physically repulsive to your desired sex/gender. facial hair grooming, including eye brows, can make or break a face. grooming and cleanliness/hygiene in general make a huge difference. start a skin care routine, work out, eat healthy, look presentable- none of these things are going to transform you into fight club brad pitt or transformers megan fox, but physical attractiveness isn't solely determined by how someone would rate a mugshot of you unkempt af with a particularly bad skin day.   some people would actually prefer a partner with an appealing physic whose face is somewhere between plain and ugly over someone with a nice face but shitty body, especially if the personality of their partner is on point.   height is one of the only things some people are weirdly hung up about,  but a lot of the time for all the wrong reasons. it definitely doesn't mean that no matter the circumstances, its doneso and over. if a girl on tinder says that a guy whos 1cm less tall than her "requirement" doesn't have a chance with her, everybody who doesn't meat her batshit criteria dodged a bullet there. its not like irl it's physically impossible for these women to be attracted to a guy who's otherwise decent looking because hes short, its more of a toxic social status and view of masculinity thing, the way some people demand a rich man or a man who wouldn't play with legos or never cries or some bs like that  to clarify that last point- some of these women dont want to be with a short guy not because they find that revolting and could never find it attractive, but because they think they "deserve" someone whos tall and "manly"and for them being with a short guy, even if they did find him attractive, would reflect negatively on them and their femininity and lower their attractiveness. its fucking stupid and are these the people you want to want you?
Me too man, hang in there mate we will both get through this eventually
Same
[deleted]
Ahh, that’s probably true sadly. I was just asking because I didn’t know what the first commenter meant. Thanks for the clarification!
Do straight men sleep with trans women ?
This place isn't necessarily about people who "can't find anyone". It's most people lamenting the fact that they have severely reduced choices of who they can be with due to factors beyond their control. It's more than skin deep too. Many people here also have disabilities or deformities which limit how charming they can be.   No amount of kind words can make people feel better about having to go for scraps while everyone else enjoys the main course. It's up to the individual to come to terms with their fate.
The best guy I ever knew was also the ugliest guy I ever knew. We both didn’t fit in so we gravitated towards each other in high school. He was the funniest person I had ever met. He would spend every free moment he had either volunteering at an animal shelter or studying so that he could become a veterinarian. I had never seen anyone with his capacity for kindness and I haven’t met anyone that could match him since. Hand down the kindest, funniest, most interesting, and best guy I have ever known. He killed himself alone in his apartment 3 years ago.  He died alone because no one would try to get past his appearance to live him.
I gave up decades ago.
[removed]
Some straight men are okay with dating trans women the same way some lesbian are okay with dating trans women. But again, it is up to you to define your sexual orientation. And the men that harass me because they want nudes, one night stand or other dirty stuffs, are all straight or bi...
Fuck this world seriously
im very sorry for your loss, he sounds like a great guy and his story is tragic. i do not say the things i say because i want to invalidate anyones struggles and suffering- i simply do not want people to give up all hope and accept defeat and live with horrible self image and depression all their live. i especially dont condone pulling others down along by encouraging and confirming their self depricating thoughts. i dont mean to be insensitive- but do you believe a bunch of guys on the internet reaffirming your friends thoughts would have helped him get to a better place mentally? or would it have exacerbated his struggle with depression?
[deleted]
[removed]
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kvc6dx/ive_been_having_the_same_dream_for_my_entire_life/
So I have this (literally lifelong) recurring dream. It always involves some girl I'm attracted to that shows up suddenly, and much to my surprise she starts liking me back. I become thrilled and warm inside, thinking that the ever present ache in my soul might finally subside. She tags along with me, we START to team up in order to do *something* in the logic of that dream, and then -- WITHOUT FAIL -- she very suddenly becomes cold and loses interest. Very often she just straight up disappears. The little seed of fear that this budding love can't be real finally comes true.  Well, for context I'm pretty fucked up mentally. Depression, anxiety, trauma, you name it. So I've been doing research for a while now on psychology, and attachment theory seems to be an empirically validated explanation for a lot of these mental illnesses, and it PERFECTLY lines up with what was most likely my early life experience (first two years of my life). My mom is mentally ill, delusional even, and most likely had a tough time being a consistently attentive mother. There were doubtlessly frequent bouts where she just stopped caring about my cries. Being wildly inconsistent with the care of a child's cries is one of the best ways to leave a child with a bad attachment style.  I've had this framework in the back of my mind for a while now, so when I woke up from my dream this morning, the dream that I've had over and over and over and over again throughout my life, it finally hit me. It's a representation of how unreliable life and love seem to me. It's unreliable because my mother was unreliable when I needed her most as an infant. I learned very early on that as much as I might crave love and safety, those two things are wildly unreliable or maybe even unattainable. It's almost as if they exist just to make me suffer.  And maybe that also explains why I threatened suicide to my mom before I was even 9 years old, or why I pretended to have a heart problem before I was 5 years old. For attention. Because her attention was fickle and unpredictable, so I opted for the most dramatic lie possible before I even hit double digits in age.  So now I'm doomed to be alone forever, and to suffer. It just fucking sucks. It sucks that the people who want love the most are often the least equipped to be able to get it. It's just fucking sad and I grieve for not just myself, but everyone on this sub who's doomed like I am.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kv6mxu/just_keep_doing_you_and_think_positively/
This comment is less annoying than the "just go to the gym" but it still irks me. My friends tell me I have so many interests and hobbies so it makes me interesting. I try to explain that I simply have these "hobbies" to fill the time until the day is over and I had to find things specifically to do alone. There's alot of things out there that sound alot more interesting but it typically requires a second person. All my friends are now married with kids so that excludes them. Even before they were married and just dating I couldn't do much with them because they were with their bfs/gfs. If I did do stuff with them their gf/bf would come along and it turned into a date with me tagging along. My hobbies aren't super attractive so it's not like I can use them as a way of promoting myself. I go biking (very) occasionally, metal detecting, take pictures, and go to parks for hikes. If I'm not doing that I'm just watching tv. I feel like whilst doing these things I spend most of the time trying to convince myself that I'm having a good time. I feel like I'm just trying my hardest to run down the clock.
[deleted]
I get the unattractive hobbies part. That and my unpopular opinions and there you go recipe for loneliness
I was speaking to another user on here earlier who recommended going on Facebook hobby groups to find new social circles and possibly dates. I'm sceptical and wasn't convinced but your post got me thinking. Turns out there's a pretty big metal detecting community near me. You could technically even do it during covid-19 restrictions where I am. Just a shame I wouldn't even know where the hell to start!   I have some pretty "unattractive" and niche hobbies too and however unlikely think it would be a hell of a common ground to meet someone who shares it.
Actually, I'd give this advice as well. Just don't expect it to land you a partner.
Im scared that at the end of my life I am going to be so disappointed with how my life went.
Haha yeah that's basically the idea of metal detecting. It's actually kind of cool if you give it a chance. I don't go to parks mainly because most wont let you dig there and because you always get the "looking for gold?" joke. I normally go through crop fields before planting/after harvest, creeks, or old house sites. I've found a number of old axe heads, old coins, bullets, an old iron (the kind you'd heat on a stove), things like that. I haven't found anything super valuable but it's still fairly entertaining.
The only brands I have bought is Garrett. They're pretty straight forward when it comes to use. If you're actually interested, buy the low end model first (it'll be atleast $100) just in case you think it's lame you wont be out too much money. Just poke around your yard first and then move from there. If you get into it I highly recommend a pinpointer. It's a small handheld detector to zero in where your ping is at to make digging faster.
[deleted]
There's actually I channel I used to watch that got me into it. The guys name is Aquachigger. I haven't watched him much recently but that's where the interest started. More often you just find junk like rusted barbed wire but half of it is just being outside. I've had the most fun going through water honestly. I've found a couple arrowheads on water banks. Plus it definately teaches you patience that's for sure.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kve28i/considering_becoming_a_parent_through_surrogacy/
**Background;** Currently 26M but I don’t plan on surrogacy until around 33-35 when I’m career established. I’m a medical student that aspires to be a surgeon one day. While I’m a caring straightforward type, I am painful shy at times.  What draws me towards becoming a parent is having someone I can bond with and have the chance to go through the process of being a parent through each step. Learning and growing in a ways I wouldn't without kids. I feel drawn to having someone that grows into my life and I into theirs day by day. I’m also drawn to the special moments like birthdays, school events. I have always had a good relationship with both of my parents, including my teen years.   **Why go at it alone?:** I haven’t been able to find the right partner. I haven’t been in relationship of any kind due to struggles with dating. I’ve struggled socially through all of my schooling. Which I’ve tried to work on over the years, but I don’t see a partner in the foreseeable future. Enough said! After contemplating for months. While its nice to have a partner in terms of help with parenting. At the end of the day, I’d rather not have being single in my 30s a limiting factor in whether I be a parent someday.  While I acknowledge there are challenges to parenting on my own. But I’m trying my best to figure out how to manage these. I know that I would require childcare, so I’m hopeful with finding a nanny. I talked with my parents recently and their open to helping me if there still in reasonably good health at that time. They relate to my concerns because they both struggled socially (Both FAs) as well yet they managed to meet each other later in life.   **Other (FYI):** I’m in therapy for those of you wondering, its been good working progress but I sometimes feel like my doesn’t take my personal situation into account at times (busy schedule, pandemic etc).
Idk if on a psychological level, raising a child with only one parent is very good. I wouldn't know for sure, but I mean I get it. I'd love to have children some day and I'm fucked when it comes to relationships. You aren't tho, and you're only 26, I think that's fairly early to have children. You might find someone later on, idk.
It doesn't hurt to have a loose plan, but you've certainly got plenty of time to find a partner and grow a conventional family. Unless you're dead set on the whole passing-your-genes thing, though, you might want to consider adoption or foster parenting first. Maybe a mentoring program would be enough to sate your desire, even.
With the career type you are pursuing, I don't think raising a child alone is a good plan. How will you have the time? Don't jump the gun. Wait till you find someone.  The more you have to spread out your efforts, the less "good" you will be at either of them. Be a laser, not a lightbulb.
Yep I have 5 years before I make any bank. So that’s why I mentioned around 33ish. My surrogacy planning and contacting agencies isn’t for about 5 years from now. But I needed to vent my idea!
Also, your career choice is going to attract people. Maybe don't reveal it too soon when you meet someone cause you don't want a gold digger. My dad does what you're doing and after growing up, I realized that my mother never loved him. Was married out of convenience. So don't brag about it and maybe even down play it at the beginning - like maybe you could say you're a nurse anesthetist.
I guess so bro,you might still wanna check this whole story with psychology and two parents etc.
Tbh that’s another reason I’m leaning towards going at it alone! How would I find someone into me for me if can’t attract anyone in high school, college & beyond. My best solution has been trying to fit time for hobbies which has been sporadic. Aside from that I haven’t found much option. Thanks for your insight!
I'm sorry man, I know that's hard. It's especially impressive that you are continuing the pursuit of such a highly regarded career without being given any attention.  It's possible that in the end, you'll need to use that. There's always the chance that the career can act as a gateway. Maybe, despite her knowing what you do she'll eventually start to like you for who you are. That's not ideal cause it doesn't eliminate the gold digger problem, but yeah.  Foreign countries are an option (assuming you're in the five eyes countries). There's no ideal situation sometimes, but you're putting yourself in the best position you can by perusing that career. I wish I had a better answer for you.
Look. I was a computer programmer for a while and eventually I quit. One of the main problems being loneliness and loveleseness. There were other issues as well. I now just make money online, but it's nothing substantial. I figured what's the point in doing this if I'm not going to find someone.  It's amazing if you can keep going.
Did you find someone after the transition
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kv54ly/strangely_enough_getting_a_straight_no_without/
Can any other FA’s relate?
It's far less demeaning when they just say a simple "no". When they avoid it it's like they think you can't handle it, like they have to talk down to you. And it gets frustrating and becomes a waste of time if they drag it out, letting you keep thinking maybe there's a chance. Just say it and let's get on with things.
Yeah they think you'll be less angry with the lie when it's the complete opposite.
Yea, at least they are honest.
I wish I could hear, “I don’t want to go out with you, here’s why.”
I prefer it aswell because i think telling someone why you don’t like them after you rejected them is beating a dead horse
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kv81gq/i_had_to_do_it/
Don't like long stories so here it goes. I became very close to my friend (friend since 3 years ago) [We are both INFJs], who eventually became my best friend. I was always there for her and so eventually we started to like each other. We both had a slight crush on each other and eventually we had a short term fling (only online). Basically sexting and cyber sex anyways. I had developed so much feelings by this point. Sadly she only thought of me as a potential FWB and just wanted to stick as best friends, I got rejected really hard. Falling in love with her was so hard, getting rejected like 2 more times from her happened after a few weeks when my stupid brain thought I could get another chance with her. Last time I got rejected was the time she had plans to finally go back to her ex who she dumped. I was so devasted, I distanced myself for a few weeks and decided to start talking to her again, however it was never the same, like how we chat or vidcall almost every single day. I just said that we should just stick as friends. However I never told her how I felt deeply in the inside. That was until today, the day I decided that you know what, I'm just getting hurt over someone I care about so much but doesn't love me back. I deserve love as well, I gave her so much time and attention, even more than her ex who left her to rot. We are both in pain. But I had to do it. I had to break our friendship, she is a very shy person and has a fucked up life. I'm basically her second choice, and her only other best friend she could trust so so much. I knew more information about her (also taboo ones) than her own boyfriend and she trusted me with it. I had to let go. I couldn't stay as friends knowing I am still in love with her. I am in so much pain. Although being besties is so nice, the negative things weigh more than the positive in my eyes. I am sick of hearing about her boyfriend and all things related to a relationship that I can never ever relate to. But by doing this, breaking our friendship, I think I can fully think about myself now, I can maybe finally heal and move one for good. We were both devasted, but she understood me, she didn't want to burden me, she knows I am in pain. I love and miss her so fucking much. I currently have no plans on being friends with her for at least a year, maybe forever if I have to. I am turning 20 and still a virgin, never been in a relationship. I wonder what our god has planned for me. That is all. 😔👉👈
You got time. 20 is not the end yet.  As for your friend I think we can all understand. Imo it's better to cut ties and get over it quickly rather than stay with her and constantly dwell on it.
Definitely better to rip the bandaid off at 20 while there's still time for both to heal and grow apart. It's always sad to see things end this way but it's better than dragging it out and torturing each other for years first.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kv6anh/someone_to_talk_to/
I have no friends and I feel lonely. The friendship subs don't work.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kuzo7z/its_my_birthday_and_i_wish_i_was_dead/
Tired of pretending like I’m invested in living
I can relate a lot. Every birthday is a reminder that I'm older and things are the same. Life is passing me by and I'm alone and I'll be alone for the rest of my birthdays. It's devastating. My birthday is in a few days and I haven't took the company's day off because if I'm left alone on my birthday with my thoughts and my current mood, I'll probably end everything.
Yeah, one year my only birthday contact was an automated dentist appointment reminder saying something along the lines of "happy birthday, don't forget to smile and make an appontment"  That was the worst day of my life... been a while and now looking back it wasn't such a bad day by today's standards.
Know that feeling man...  Takes its toll pretending like life is something you enjoy when in reality it's the complete opposite. I'm 28 and have completely lost the will, and lately not even hiding it anymore.
Get drunk and sleep throught it. I know it's not very healthy but it's better than feeling suicidal all day.
[deleted]
Why? Because you are alone? No, that can't be it. I am alone always but never lonely. So why? You know, to be honest, I'm so fucking tired of this. Just find some purpose. Anything. Fuck it, even watch anime all day, but do something that will fulfil you. That's all.   Other people who have posted a comment mean well. But it's not helpful. You can relate to them, but it won't help you.  So just pick yourself up and do something.
Yeah try not to be alone with your thoughts too much on that day or keep engaged, last night i stayed up thinking about my life and it got me low, I wish you a happy birthday in advance. I hope things get better for you
Damn. I’m sorry, I hope things get better for you, birthdays are just like any other day tbh we age everyday inching closer to death.
But I just cant bring myself to end it. A mixture of Self preservation, religious beliefs, lack of an accessible painless method and family members hurt prevents me from doing it. The day will eventually come when we go, its hard to find motivation to strive for stuff, I wish you the best bro
I have my trusty weed. Might smoke 2gs tonight 😏
💯 bro. I hope things get better, you’re not alone. I wont even wish what i go through on my enemies
Thanks I appreciate your response, Not because im lonely, although that contributes to it. I wont necessarily go into full details but I’m really struggling to find motivation and I’m not invested in living life but because my life isnt just mine there are shareholders like family and friends so I cant do it. I will keep doing what i have to but I’m waiting patiently to leave
Thank you!. Happy late birthday. I wish things improve for you two
I guess so dude. Suit yourself.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kuhyfe/i_am_proof_that_having_a_successful_career_and_a/
We all know the sayings that go like this: "just be successful and people from the opposite gender will be attracted to you". Well that's a lie and I am proof of it.  I am a lawyer and managing director of a public institution in my country. I am in charge of managing the staff at our workplace, I have to take important political and administrative decisions and interact with government and parliament members on a daily basis.  I am not famous in any way, but I occupy an important public position that exists only once and that is well known where I live. It is also well paid of course. How did I manage to get this position? Well I just got extremely lucky.  My life is basically like a video game. Everyday I dress up, put on my business suit, and go to work to "play" the boss of the staff at my workplace and take important decisions. But this is not who I really am inside. After work, the "game"  is paused and I go home to my empty house and depression... while my coworkers go home to their loving families.  I don't have and never had anyone in my life, not even for a second. Never held someone's hand, never gotten a hug, never been on a date, ... And definitely not for lack of trying.  So yeah... "just be successful bro" is a f\*cking lie. Being extremely ugly doesn't help of course.  I just wanted to share, thanks for reading and tell me what you think :)  (PS: English is not my first language, so sorry if my writing is bad.)
Either way, you're still fortunate to be in that position. Earning a decent living is not easy.
Hell yeah, I'm 30 and I'm like bamboozled. But at least I have work and make enough money. I would think there are people out there who chased the dream of being with someone and sabotaged their career and even end up without having a partner to care for them. So better than that I think. It's a brutal world.
I’m in a similar situation.   I’ve learned it doesn’t matter how successful you are or how much money you have. Looks and physical attraction will always be the first barrier.
Game life strikes a cord with me. I’m an ICU doctor working up the ladder.   Recently realised something is missing. I threw myself at work/study and for a while things were great.  I had an abusive mother. I ran away from home and basically I never new love, not really.  Now I’m getting some therapy and hopefully can make up for the missed years.  It’s never to late. All the best
Out of 500 languages which exist, this dude chose to spoke faxxs
I think its worse bc there is always the risk that people who approach you want you for money or your status, ie ulterior motives and as a person gets more n more famous and influential in any career from idk lawyer, doctor, some type of arts this risk increases
It always boils down to attractiveness. People will spout nonsense about how things like self confidence are more important, but if you're ugly, the deck is stacked against you immensely.
Do you think there's any chance you're on the autism spectrum? Usually if you have decent money or social position, at least some women will want you at least for a little while, at least to use you as an ATM or to show you off.
You will attract a lot of women when you're older if you're rich. But you might not even want to date them, because they'll be dating you for the wrong reasons.
Meanwhile, good looking guys in high school who have yet to achieve anything get swooned over by girls.
Demographics also matter.  Black women, for example, have it extremely rough in the dating market.
Well, pretty much the same thing but in another type of work. Doesn’t matter what gender you are also, this isn’t only a guy thing . The thing is, I don’t socialize outside work hours and that’s pretty much “why” I am alone. I don’t know “how” anymore. I have gotten used to being alone, it’s comfortable. Don’t want to but don’t want to end up in a bad relationship either. Always said “once I graduate” I will do this and that. Well, I have now graduated some time ago but I still put “life” on hold.
I genuinely think only option guys like us have is to visit prostitutes........if there are any prostitutes out there who can make us feel not disgusted by ourself or replicate that same warm feeling of a compassionate relationship then I think it's worth giving a try.
My situation is similar too, I graduated and am working in one the best institutions in my country as a physician but I am a little awkward socially. My last try with a girl ended up with this sentence: "I wouldn't want to be with a guy like you" (with a voice tone reflecting disgust) "Like you" meaning probably a beta loser. It seems whatever I do I won't ever be like a Chad.
How old are you ?  Honestly, male beauty tends to converge with age, I actually got happier as I aged, because I became more average-looking. I've been in a similar spot (ugly, less professional success than you have), and I'm speaking from experience as ex-FA.  When you're a young guy, having a bald spot can be a disaster, but in your 40s-50s many men have it. Same with weight, very few people in their 40s and 50s have sculpted abs, most guys have some belly fat by then, if you're not obese it's not a tragedy.  If you have a habit of dressing up in suits and keep clean, that's already great.  Imo it sounds like you might benefit from contacting an actual dating agency (you're exactly the sort of client they are aimed at) and you should avoid "swipe apps" that are based on photos.
When you say you haven’t ever gotten a hug, that is for real?
Have you showed off your wealth? Have you went to the other gender and talked about your success? There's bound to be plenty that would want you. Get a nice car, show them, and talk to them.
Being good look doesn't help either if u don't have money, belive me bro.
Keep working at what your doing, but don;t let your loneliness make yourself susceptible to a gold digger when the opportunity happens. Your doing good career wise so make sure you work on your financial end and with your money you could maybe afford some enhancements
Yeah, this is something I've noticed too for those of us who live in 1st world countries and larger cities too. My cousin was fortunate enough to start a successful business at 19, by the time he was 23/24ish he was earning *a lot* of money for his age. I remember asking about his dating life and his response was shcoking to me. He told me he'd never ever dated. I was shocked but looking at the dating world now, it makes total sense. Beauty is a currency itself and the dating world is a biiig competition now. Your average woman can probably find an extremely wealthy *and* handsome man to date by virtue of dating apps. Why would she settle for the ugly and rich guy?  Eventually, my cousin got an arranged marriage done in our home country and he and his wife have a wonderful family together and he has a wonderful life all around so I guess he's still a winner but you get the point.
[removed]
[removed]
Get some cats! Fill your house with them. Do that, and I will come live with you!
I am as well.  And wealth only matters if you are willing to splash your money around (too "look" wealthy), in which case you are not likely to become wealthy in the first place because the vast majority of people who have wealth were frugal to become so.
Obviously it's stupid to think that a good job automatically means you can get a gf, but I still think it helps a lot.  Think of it as multiplier: if your base chance of finding a gf is very low to start with, then the multiplier of having a high-status won't increase it by a lot in absolute number, even if it increase a lot relatively.   Also, while it's difficult to say without knowing exactly what your job is, I think it could be easy to overestimate the sex appeal of "office jobs", even if they come with a high salary. Being a doctor or investment banker carry a certain status with it but being some head of some department won't impress many people.
Hey there, I got to say that firstly: your English is FANTASTIC! I didn't even know it was your second language until you mentioned it at the end. That alone is impressive. Some native speakers can't even talk correctly, so you're miles ahead of them.  Now, I'm sure you've heard this already about how you should be thankful for your accomplishments and your personal growth is better than finding a woman. I have a feeling that you already understand that, and what you really want is advice in the love department. So here it goes:  What I've recognized is that a lot of what goes into someone's attractiveness is their personality. I know, cliche, but really! I'm still a virgin even though most people would consider me to be society's example of the perfect woman. I'm tall with big breasts, long hair, and clear skin. However, I'm like you in that I never had a real boyfriend, never did anything remotely sexual except for a kiss, and even that was just a kiss on a cheek. You would think I'd have loads of experience, but I don't and that's mostly because I'm too scared and insecure about being intimate with people. Plus, my personality while pleasant isn't exactly memorable. I'm the kind of gal you wouldn't mind having a coffee with but would later leave for the carefree daredevil woman who always has new ideas up her sleeve.  My best friend is that way. She's outgoing, impulsive, bold, and sexually confident. The best part? She's the total opposite of society's standards! She's overweight with several medications, can barely see without glasses, and has super short hair that some people would find unbefitting for a woman. Yet, that's what makes her so sexy. She owns her looks regardless of what anyone thinks and she is not afraid to go for what she wants. Although, her methods can be a bit much...I personally wouldn't like to sleep with EVERY person I found cute, but I think you see my point.  You are a successful business man. You should be proud of that and wear it as your badge of honor. That alone is suuuper attractive, to know that you put your mind to a task so well that you got a spot in a high social status? Without the help of a woman on your arm? Ohh boy, people will flock to you with that amount of confidence. I don't know you personally, but if you're anything like me, then you probably don't see your achievements as high as other people do and because of this you're subtly putting yourself down and saying to others that*, "I'm not proud of myself. This isn't good enough. I am not content with who I am..."* At least, that's how I see myself when I put down my own accomplishments.  So, am I saying you should be conceited? Not at all, but try not to downplay your work. A career and high status will get you absolutely NOWHERE? NO. It has gotten you somewhere, and you better make it known to your potential partners just how hard you worked for your title/s. When I hear about how much effort someone has put into their goal, that makes me want them even more. Makes me aspire to be like them and be an asset to their future endeavors. Look at all the people who are unconventionally attractive still getting lots of women and fangirls...where do you think that comes from? Not just their money or their fame, but their charm. Coming from a woman's perspective, I've caught myself fawning over men I normally wouldn't look twice at and it's usually because of how confident they are in themselves.  So moral of the story? Find exercises that help you build your confidence more. Remind yourself what you've done to make it this far in life. Three things you like about yourself. Find gratitude in the little things and it will show through your character. A beautiful lady will recognize this and gravitate towards you because confidence is always sexy.  Best of luck to you and take care!
At least you're successful and wealthy. That's already better standard of living than most of the people in the world. Luck is a skill since not everyone has it. Just trying to look at the silver lining.
Charima is really the real key.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Im not a native speakwr but your english sounded perfectly fine to me, maybe this is not approapriate for me to say but if you want human contact , well,, at least in the form of sex, you can pay for an escort.   You sound rich enough to afford someone classy and the girlfriend experience i think, and at least you can get the zex out off your ticket list if im am reading correctly what you implied.  About the need for human contact and companionship or relationship, this is going to sound maybe very bad, but you can find someone , a woman i guess, who works in your area, better if not directly for you and in some small position , who has children and is divorced/widowed and is poor... She very likely wont mind your uglinesss too much and if you are kind to her and willing to ease most of her finantial burden its very likely she nay grow to like you . That may sound predatory and maybe it really is but if you make clear its a proposition for you to be a couple and you are willing to help her pay ,idk her children'school, the household's needs or her rent or maybe everything those, and she can say no and you wont mind because you are not petty or maybe even tell her that you are not his boss so dont have the clout to get her fired so she is more at ease.  I've told you all that , because i've seen personally many many many  many times older men(like in their fifties or sixties) who are powerful in their way(coronels or general both in the police or army or doctors who are hospital's directors or heads of deparments) and they are together with someone much younger and prettier, someone who does not mind their age (idk about their personality, everyone is different) , because they have favours in the job, like an easier schedule, easier guards and lighter tasks and/or gifts and dinners and clothes and maybe other things like rent or the treatment of a sick family member or their children's expenses or all together.  Also i've seen many cases were those men and women have married and went on to have a family together.  For what you wrote i get that offering yourself or that kind of deal will be awkward,, but much time has passed and you need to be bold and get out of your confort zone if you want to have a partner.  Its just my opinion, of couse you are free to do nothing or someting complwtely different but consider my words.
How old are you? Download tinder and say you'll pay for them. You'll get a date quick.
Why you dont try dating by apps?
Yes and I'm thankful for that.
gonna get downvoted but couldn't you get plastic surgery to look better by having the money for it? most people think plastic surgery doesn't work, looks fake etc. but that's only if you go to a bad surgeon and get botched. good surgeons are life changing. i know that if i just got my nose, lips, and jaw/lower face done, i would go from ugly to beautiful, and then i could finally have a social life and a partner. it's like that saying "you are not ugly, you are just poor"
Fuck man, i comiserate with you about abusive parents, though my situation was never so bad or i was not brave Enough to run away.  I suppose you are in your thrirthies or late twenties but even if  time lost is gone for good, the future is not. A career in medicine is usually very very time consuming and much more the speciality you choose. you are right in getting therapy and make an active effort to heal... and if may be bold and offer a piece of advice as very reserved person... get out of your comfort zone and go out of your way to meet new people, you dont need to find a partner that way, you may just find a friend or some interesting aqcuantaince but it will make things less lonelier. I wish you look
But everyone is good looking to someone. I've seen lots of people that I'm personally not attracted to be in loving relationships. It may be their first and only relationship, but they found someone who appreciated them for who they are.
Don't really understand why people on this sub try to use autism to explain someone's lack of relationships. I have autism and kinda wish that gave me an excuse, but I've met too many people with autism who have/have had relationships to disprove that
Hm I'm not familiar with autism or have been diagnosed with it... so I don't know. I don't like being around people in general and I tend to avoid getting close to people.
Might be the case for the US but I don't think this guy is from there
Indian men and asian men too owing to stupid stereotypes perpetuated by the media.
As a university student nearing the end of my degree, I feel I am delaying things like this. At first I remember thinking high school would be when I would find a boyfriend, then university, and now I've got myself thinking that once I start being around more people and have things "settled" when I gain employment, I'll find a boyfriend now. But really, I can see myself just staying alone again then as well.
Yes. Maybe when I was a little kid I got one, but I don't remember of course.
I don't want to show off. That just makes you a douche and attracts gold diggers.
[deleted]
Ummm, I live in LA. Many ugly guys with money who have hot girlfriends.
Sorry to disappoint you, but no bullshit. It's unfortunately the truth. You are correct about the social/public gatherings though. I'm obliged to go to those, but they are purely professionnal and they make me feel very uncomfortable. I have never made any friends there...so far at least.
OP is very successful in his field as a public sector manager but no one is going to swoon over him just because of that. I don't see why that's particularly surprising? It's not like he's a famous actor or something. I'm sure he goes to many important events but I doubt they're as glamorous as you seem to think
I'm not OP, but the answer to your question is quite simple.  OP is not the only successful man in his environment.  Women have no reasons to settle for him when there are better looking men with similar wealth and status available.
[removed]
Good idea, but I'm allergic to cats :/ fml
Not planning on doing illegal drugs, but alcohol helps. Prostitution is illegal too where I live.
[removed]
[removed]
Yeah I'm not looking for a gold digger.
"Just be an ATM, bro!"  LMAO!  Fucking delusional.  He would be better off using the money for escorts then to pay for meals of others.  At least he could get some intimacy then.
[removed]
Wow. r/thanksimcured lol
Have used tinder. Not getting matches.
I have tried every dating app/site that exists I think. Not getting any matches or replies on there. It's a waste of time.
He/she is an important person as he/she said. I think it would be unbeneficial for him/her to try it. Nowadays, it's easy to find out what's any person is "up to" and doing and they will try to "use" his/her affection as their benefit. Any person can easily make some lonely persons fall for them. I think, post author is doing right thing about dating apps.
Y'all hirin'? Lol I'm kidding.
Not everyone wants to go through with something like that, I have a fear of hospitals so I'd never have surgery I didn't absolutely need. Plus even if the results are good there's no guarantee it would improve your life
You're right, I did downvote you. Attractiveness is the sum of more than what your face looks like. Even if it weren't, I can't imagine having someone mutilate my face, even on the off chance it helps a little.
Probably an unpopular opinion but i wouldn't get plastic surgery even if i had a lot of money. I would look a Ken doll possibly, it just isn't natural. I guess i rate myself around average.  In my opinion it's better to work out in the gym and eat better quality food. Atleast it will feel deserved.
Did you go to a plastic surgeon in your country or abroad?
I think its not so much their physical attraction as looks didnt matter as much to them.
I ve seen that to but i think something had to happen first for teir partner to get to knwo th and decide that their good personality overweighted their bad looks, like maybe they have to work in some project or needed to treat with them in a daily baisis and that was their luck
It seems to me that they cite it as an alternative to being physically unattractive.
Autism generally makes it harder for people to connect, read social queues and the like which is a large component of connecting with someone.
Well it’s possible that you are your own worst enemy then. You just admitted you don’t like being around people. How do you expect to get someone’s attention when you aren’t giving yourself any options of being connected with?
Same, but I'm not on the spectrum either (I've been evaluated). I'm just not crazy about it
why would they be more anti black in the US when they have a higher black population there than a lot of other places
The thing is once you start to work outside academia it won’t guarantee that you will meet someone. Most of my colleagues have already families or partners or friends. Any it’s not always certain that you will be social with these people outside work hours unless you share some hobbies or such. I was more social as student then as employee. It’s kind of funny.. it’s not like I’m not talking to people at work. Changing my location for work have really isolated me quite a lot and with long working hours.  Hard to find activities that actually allow you to meet new people.
I would give you a hug.
Just because you show off doesn't make you a douche, and you ought to know that majority of people are gold diggers, that's just the world we live in. Anyways the bottom line is you have the ability to acquire a partner so that's all that really matters.
Yeah, and who do you think is dating the men on who get all the likes on Tinder? The same women in that given area.
I agree, both men and women, either be handsome or average or ugly or rich or poor or middleclass will always choose an attractive partner over a less a attractive one especially on the early stages.  And also yes, average guys are dating average girls and also guys to guys and girls to girls but the problem here in foreveralone is first our reserved/shy/awkward/lacking in sociall skills personalities and then our average/below average/ downright ugly looks which can not overcome that.
Probably Sugar daddies or stuff. Something else that's *extremely* common in those cities
Well I have never gotten a hug though :/
Come on, I agree with you that it probably isn't that hard for anyone to get a hug but you're just being mean here
You could still get the bald ones which i believe are hypoallergenic . Also i know that the problem with cat related allergies is that they produce some kind of protein that the human reacts badly to, but not all cats produce this protein!!!! You just have to look around , preferably with a veterinarian
Hahahah i hope so. I’m sorry that wasn’t a good comment. Just think, it’s the pandemic too and all the bars are closed and it’s not the time to meet people right now. Just wait till everything is better and keep some faith in you, because all you need is your self at the end of the day. I hope I helped.
Derp
Forgive my sincerity but you really sound like an asshole, maybe that is why you are alone.
Just become a wallet bro
What about okcupid?
Have you tried looking for friends in a similar situation ?
Are u an introvert?
...Unless?
That's true. Personally I don't even care too much if it helps my social life, I just want to stop looking like an ogre
Like I said, if you go to a good surgeon, it won't look fake. Ex. Jennifer Aniston and Zac Efron have had a lot of plastic surgery and they still look very natural.
re read my comment
No, as in what he said refers to ethnical problems when it comes to dating, but that can change from country to country. Like, in a country with no blacks at all, might be easier to date as a black woman since maybe a lot of the locals could see it as exotic or refreshing or smth.
Because black boys from the US or UK don’t want black girls.
[deleted]
Oh definitely. While I'm sure sugar babies would prefer the guy be attractive, it's not a hard requirement. They will date a man just for money.
[removed]
Same result. I have used okcupid, tinder, bumble, lovoo, POF, badoo, match and happn, all without any success. But I'm ugly, so no point in trying those apps.
I don't know where to look.
Yes.
They are "dating" but they are just dating multiple girls. There were these stats that showed that over 50% of men aged below 30 are single and only 30% of women that age are. Do you not get it?
Yeah, I've seen some of the stuff they say about their "unattractive daddies" too on a subreddit. Honestly, I'd rather be an extremely attractive guy with a normal job than have my face and be wealthy. There's only so much money can buy
Hugs are given not taken wtf
I remember going for a hug at a girl I liked at a highschool event and she pushed me away asking if I was drunk, that's the only one I remember.
What kind of question is that?
Looks are subjective. and I've seen not so attractive men get a lot of women....
I think you should post this on r/introvert too maybe there is someone who matches w you
Ouch...
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kunoa9/i_went_on_my_first_date/
This is an update of my previous post from a few days ago   https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksm9yb/i_have_my_first_date_ever_tomorrow/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf  So... the date happened last night, and I think it went pretty well! I got to the brewery where she was already inside waiting for me. I was a little nervous but not so much. Because of social distancing, we managed to get a whole big table to ourselves. It was very interesting meeting her face to face after spending the last few weeks talking through text on Bumble.   We got our flight of drinks and our conversation actually went rather smoothly. I was worried about running out of things to talk about, but it turned out ok. The few times there were lulls in the convo, I could just ask her about the drinks we ordered, since she’s really into beer. She was very nice, and we seemed to click in a lot of ways. It helped that they had games there too. We played chess for two rounds and she kicked my butt both times lol. Even so, I feel like playing chess created a lot of our best, most natural feeling banter. Genuinely a good time overall.   We stayed all the way until closing time at 10, meaning we ended up talking for 3 and a half hours! The time really flew! As we left, I walked her to her car. When we got there, she asked for my real number so we can move off of Bumble. I gave her a hug goodbye, and that was the end of the date. Afterwards I was in the middle of texting her that I had a good time when she actually texted me the same thing, and also saying that she wants to hang out more :)  Overall a good experience. I enjoyed it quite a bit, and look forward to seeing her again. Didn’t get anywhere near a kiss, and didn’t even have much physical contact with her besides the hug at the end, but I don’t really care. I had a good time, and that’s all that matters to me right now.   I’m obviously no dating expert but I’m willing to answer questions if anyone has any
Looks like this year's getting off to a good start for you homie :)
good luck dude, good job.
Nice job man, i'm happy that it worked out well for bot of you. Much appreciated if you keep posting news
Awesome! I’ve been on a lot of blind dates like that, and that’s definitely a win! Way to play it cool.
Sounds like a really successful date, bro. Dont worry about the kiss, sounds like everything went well, it'll come eventually, when its supposed to.
Hey! Great job, man!   Hopefully the good vibes will just keep getting better!
Great for you dude. May this be the start of something great.
Yes! You cant believe how happy i am for you, hopefully this is the start of something great. Hope everything turns out the way you want it. Peace man
Good job, man.  I’ve tried Bumble but I haven’t had any luck yet...
Man I am so happy for you. Just reading this made me happy. Thanks for sharing and best of luck.
How hopeful do you feel about everything moving forward? Very happy for you!
your story is really inspiring. Seems like everything is going great, may everything keep moving along well.  Hope I can find someone that open minded! GL
Awe yay!! Super exciting that it went so well for you!   I look forward to your next post about your next date!
Yasss!
glad it went well bro
You got your toe in the door, just make sure it isn’t still there if the door suddenly slams closed full force.
Thank! I’ll try to update if something major happens
I’m glad I did something right lol. Thanks!
I didn’t have any luck either for years. I’ve been trying and barely got a girl to talk to me, let alone get a match. I really just got lucky. That’s an unsatisfying answer but it’s kinda true. You know where it has the section where you can see who likes you but the photos are blurred? You can still see the person just well enough to make out who they are when your swiping. I just so happened to be liked by her. When I looked at her profile, I didn’t really judge based on attractiveness, but more so on the vibes she gave off. I simply thought she looked like a nice, kind person, so I swiped right and matched. And that’s how things started.
I’m really not entirely sure about where things will go from here. I have no idea how far it’ll go and the uncertainty is a little nerve wracking tbh. But she seems to be really receptive to meeting with me again, and I’m interested in seeing her again, so at least for the immediate future, things seem to be on the right track!
Cool. Unfortunately, I’ve yet to get a like on Bumble. Or Hinge as well.
Congrats man seems like things went really well! As far as not knowing where things will go from here, that's fine, just take it one day at a time and see how things go naturally. Your next step though is to set up another time to hang out with this girl, maybe do a meal this time. I don't know if you're both usually free on weekends, but that seems like a good time to do it, and maybe at some point during your second date you'll kiss.   Good luck.
Don’t give up. It could happen with time. I didn’t get likes for a long time on any dating app, and when I did, most of them were bots
Thanks man. There’s definitely a “what now?” feeling right now that makes me a little unnerved but you’re right. I should just take things one day at a time. We actually mentioned before going to an art museum and getting food afterwards. I’ll probably bring it up again with her soon
I’ve been trying for nearly two years. Also OkCupid hasn’t worked either.
Yeah sounds like a good thing to do, assuming covid restrictions aren't too bad where you are.   Have you spoken to her yet after the date besides the text messages you mentioned in your post? Part of how I could tell that the girl I went out with who's now my girlfriend really liked me was the fact that she kept wanting to video chat in the days following our first date.   If you haven't it's fine, but you should at least try having a text conversation with her in the next day or so and maybe bring up when to go out again then.
I was exactly the same for years. I tried for around 4 years. This is the first time I’ve gotten anywhere with anyone. I’ve tried pretty much every dating app. Tinder, Facebook dating, OkCupid, bumble, hinge, and coffee meets bagel. Failed on all of them for 4 years.
Yeah we had another text conversation conversation yesterday. She actually was the one to initiate it, which seems to be a good sign. And we texted all the way until we went to bed. Maybe today I can bring up the second date idea with her and make plans?
Oh ok, looks like things are going well then. Her initiating the conversation is always a good sign. Yeah if you wanna bring up the second date idea with her today you can. You could probably even give it till tomorrow if you wanted to, but if you'd rather do it today then go for it.   I also just realized you had commented on my post where I was updating my situation with my now girlfriend and you asked about how I told her that I had never been in a relationship before. I don't know if you've told her yet, but like I said there's no need to announce it apropos of nothing, just be honest about it if and when it comes up, if she really likes you then it won't even be an issue.   I'm hoping this works out for you and would be interested in hearing updates since you and I are in similar situations. I'm also happy to talk if you ever need some advice from one former FA to another.
Oh I didn’t realize you were the same guy from the other post lol. But no, I haven’t told her my fa status yet. When they topic comes up, I’ll be honest about it. She seems nice and accepting, but there’s still that worry over whether she’ll receive it well or not. But I’ll just try not to worry about it for now. Thanks a lot for the help dude! I’ll post more updates whenever something else comes up :)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kux7vy/anybody_else_fa_because_of_aspergers/
Yes there’s plenty of people with autism who date but I’m not one of them. In my case, my disability is a major reason why I’ve never had a girlfriend before.  Having aspergers and trying to date is like having your 80 year old grandma play a video game for the first time and she’s not even given an instruction manual on how to play. Yeah good luck...  Anyways I’ve done a lot of stupid stuff in the past because that’s legitimately how I thought you were supposed to get women. Apparently hitting on random women on Facebook or in public is a big no no. Talk to a girl at the gym and you’re a “creep”. Also apparently writing love notes to girls and handing it to them after class is “creepy”.  I wish somebody had told me that when I was 20 and crushing on this girl in my college class.
Same, seems unachievable for me as an aspie. And I did the same with hitting up girls from our school on Facebook when I was younger xD.
Yeah, I’m 30 with Asperger’s and I’m screwed too. Although I never did any of those things you mentioned.
Yep. In my opinion Asperger's traits are among the most unattractive traits a guy can possibly have, just as bad as or even worse than more regularly talked about things such as being short or ugly. I still don't quite understand how many Autistic people apparently manage to date with relatively little difficulty, when here I am still struggling to understand many of the basics of social interaction.
No clue. I don't understand women to a point where maybe I have autism or Asperger's, idk. I don't have the other traits besides lack of empathy. And I have empathy towards others dudes so I really don't know
My parents had me diagnosed with Aspergers when I was pretty young, but have told me it was a misdiagnosis. I’m beginning to think maybe it wasn’t and they’ve been sitting on it.
I'm very likely an undiagnosed case (my own parents are no less mentally ill). No matter what I do or don't do, I will get shit from others. So I stopped trying too hard some years ago. Life is not meant to be happy for people like us, but that doesn't mean we should make it worse because others feel entitled to expect it of us.
Its not really creepy per se. But it is creepy if you are ugly because people expect you to understand that you are ugly. Its like you are not adjusted to reality.
Hey, I just turned 25 and have HFA (although apparently it's so mild that most people get shocked when I bring it up. Still, I feel like it's just noticeable enough if you have a sibling with it or just know/understand the behavior). I usually just blindly swipe right on dating apps to see what I get and if they seem great, I just message them (especially if their bio is filled up so I have enough to go off of). I actually just set up a date with someone I've been chatting too off Hinge after getting out of a crappy relationship, so sometimes it honestly works.   &#x200B;  But yeah, that shit you're doing? You have to stop. Do yourself a favor and look up Chris Chan- strive to never be that guy. Lol.
I did that with a lot of girls in 8th and 9th grade and I kept getting unfriended or blocked, man I felt terrible every single time.  I remember asking my mom one time in 9th grade if I was ugly and she said something along the lines of “don’t worry, plenty of guys age into their looks as they get older”.  That wound up never happening.     Also I remember in college, I would try to talk to girls in my classes either in class or in the school common area. Many of them didn’t like that either. I’d say half the time, they’d give you the “who the hell are you creep?” look. Some of them were friendly though.     My self esteem is pretty much shot though. You try getting rejected, friendzoned, and failing every single time for the past five years and see how your confidence holds up. The only thing I’ve learned about women in the past five years is that women want nothing to do with me.
It's definitely more difficult but it's also definitely not unachievable. I know a person with aspergers that's married with a kid
tfw all three
I dont get it. I love my Aspie personality. It is rational and unique. Dude half the population follows a mentally insane president. Would you rather be one of those?
Same happened to me when I was diagnosed sith social anxiety as a kid (and it was hinted I had ADHD Too).They never told me and once when we were throwing out old papers I found the diagnosis as an adult and my parents kept denying it as if its good for their ego that I have no mental problems. At this moment I think I have AVPD and ADHD.
It really sucks that your mom didn't give you better advice (or, like, any) on how to approach people appropriately whether for friendship or romance. How were you supposed to know if you weren't taught? This is a really good website for learning about all aspects of sex, and it has material for autistic people among others: [https://www.scarleteen.com/article/disability\_relationships/how\_do\_i\_tell\_if\_someone\_is\_into\_me](https://www.scarleteen.com/article/disability_relationships/how_do_i_tell_if_someone_is_into_me)
I'd choose being able to fit in socially over being "unique" in a heartbeat. Being different is not inherently a good thing. I'm sure those people are able to make friends, to have relationships and live normal lives, and it's not like being one of them is the only other option out there. A person can choose who they want to follow, you can't choose how your brain is wired.
That’s the thing, I wasn’t taught how to date. I had no idea you were supposed to ask a girl out and then after going on dates, asking to be your girlfriend.  I didn’t figure any of that out until I was 20.  My dating life in my twenties has been absolute shit. I ask girls out and for whatever reason, I constantly get rejected or friendzoned.  It doesn’t matter what I do, online dating, trying to meet girls in classes or clubs, it never works out. My confidence and self-esteem is at an all time low (which happens when you always get rejected for the past six years)  I have no hope whatsoever my situation is going to improve, the only thing I’ve learned from dating is that women don’t want to date me.    If there’s such thing as a God, why did he make me a short autistic man with a high romantic drive?  He could have at least made me aromantic and asexual then I’d probably be 10x happier.
I feel that having uncommon interests is a big factor in why we're FA. When we're already socially awkward and also don't have any shared interests with the majority of people, that just makes building connections that much more difficult.   Sometimes I wonder if the answer is to abandon any scrap of individuality and focus on getting into mainstream hobbies and interests, because then we'd have many more opportunities to make friends. Sure, we'd probably feel hollow and empty by not being true to ourselves, but is that really worse than being FA? Almost every socially well-adjusted person I know has several mainstream interests.
I'd say that's definitely a part of it, I generally have little in common with most people I meet. The problem is I don't see how I can force myself to pretend to be interested in things that I don't actually care about.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kurcrg/music_numbs_the_pain/
Despite social shortcomings, I'm endlessly grateful for all the music I can listen to on repeat until the day I die.
Yeah, its nice to be able to drown out some thoughts, or even relate to some of the music to make things feel better
Elliott Smith and Joy Division help me with validating the feelings I have when I feel hopelessly alone.
What specific artists do you listen to?
I feel this so much. Music helps me a tremendous amount
Same songs over and over for me hahaha
I recommend Daniel Johnston to you...
I'm also curious
Oh so many, currently I listen to a lot of mandragora
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kuu0hx/where_do_i_even_post/
I feel like an outcast as a moderately attractive 23 year old woman. I’ve been lurking here since I was 18 and can relate to a lot of what is written but of course there’s plenty that I can’t relate to. I’ve had people attracted to me unlike a lot of people here. Yet I’ve never been in a relationship. You can say well maybe it’s just not your time but you will find someone or that I should lower my standards, the bar isn’t very high. I want it to be known that even if you were a woman and even if you were attractive you can still be a lonely fuck. Sure, I could find some dude to settle with but why the would anyone want that? That’s just more misery. Better to be alone than in bad company. I can’t relate to most other women because pretty much all women my age have dated and been in at least one serious relationship. Seriously, I don’t know a single woman my age who hasn’t had at least one boyfriend. I just can’t connect with the other sex. I can’t relate to a lot of men on here because I do get some attention, although it’s purely superficial. Most men that show attention towards me just want someone to bang. After a particularly lonely night I thought f it I’ll just find someone from Tinder. Which is the female equivalent of getting a prostitute. I went to his house and he started to kiss me and...nothing I felt nothing. I could’ve been kissing a wall. I couldn’t follow through with it and we ended up cuddling in his bed. I thought maybe that would feel good at least but it didn’t. I felt even worse than I did before. I don’t even know why I’m posting this...I don’t have anyone else to talk to about it, downvote me to oblivion.
Wouldn’t it be awesome if there was an app, a crystal ball, a spell, a...something, that could tell us in real time when we look at someone if we’re compatible or tells us what percentage there is that we could be happy together.   Imagine someone suddenly saying hi to you and you look at them an on the bottom right hand corner of your view it says 98% compatibility or says this person is your soulmate?       hey we can dream right?
I understand your perspective. It's true for most woman that they can attract a lot of guys. Problem with that is, there are a lot of weirdos who just want to use them. Clingy and needy guys. It's not that easy to find the right man.
Honestly, thank you for posting this. I was genuinely starting to think something was wrong with me but it’s so comforting to read that some people go through very similar situations...
[removed]
[deleted]
Damn, I really feel this. I'm 25 and I think moderately attractive man, but I just can't find people of the other sex that I click with. They all kinda feel the same or hollow to me, idk.
I am also a 23 year old girl in the exact same boat... it sucks... I feel like I’ll never find someone who actually cares about me, and I’m so tired of meaningless hookups.... it doesn’t help that all my friends are hot and in relationships
I don’t give advice to lower standards after having lowered mine. It...is not worth it.
IMO men posting here - that's a mix of normal, but unattractive and just ill people. Women posting here - that's mostly ill people. Psychologicaly ill that is.
[removed]
Sounds like the Black Mirror episode Hang the DJ
If only..
That’s funny you say that... I think about that exact same thing all the time. Well, the only difference being is if you were near someone you saw to be attractive that you wouldn’t actually approach for whatever reason, and they would get the same information you did of compatibility. Man what a simpler world we would live in.
Sure
The personality you seek in your potential partner is probably non existent. Like a tall, handsome, intelligent dude who has career goals and also cares a lot about me. Those kinda ppl dont exist
Thing is the men I meet are usually in such a hurry to get into a relationship. I like to take my time and get to know someone which tbh at this point I’m also getting tired of waiting. I don’t think I have a “mental glitch” as you say but rather trust issues and my own inexperience. I don’t feel comfortable with men because of my inexperience and the thought that they may have an ulterior motive. I’ve had some bad instances with guys who’ve tried or successfully taken advantage of me while I was in a vulnerable situation. Everything seems to revolve around sex.
How do I get rid of this "mental glitch" then?
I guess I’ll be alone forever then! I’m not settling for someone that doesn’t make me happy :-)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kup0xn/is_having_a_friend_too_much_to_ask_these_days/
Now that I'm officially out of my previous workplace and I don't care about anyone ruining me behind my back anymore, I can finally be vulnerable in front of everyone and come out as being a basketcase of personal issues.  It should come as no surprise that I've never been good at connecting with people. Many people in my life might probably know this because I'm always that guy eating alone at the cafeteria table, or that guy having trouble finding a partner/groupmates in class activities. Maybe I'm just born with it, or maybe it's just a result of traumatic shit that people have said to me in the past that still haunts me to this day. Either way, it's still kind of fucked up that this is something that's basic instinct to most people, yet I still have to learn it like it's some kind of new skill at 20something years old. This has been a major cause of anxiety, depression, and loneliness for me throughout my entire life.  You might think that the ability to stay alone for extended periods of time is a strength in itself or a sign of independence, but the reality is, that shit eats you up from inside.  I remember being told that I was "feeling close" by someone I wanted to befriend but didn't like me. I remember exchanging letters with someone I thanked for being a friend in mine, but wrote that I'm not a "friend" but merely an "acquaintance" in his. I remember wanting to talk to people but only getting so far as an "okay" for a response before carrying on. I remember people being uninterested in what I have to say because they are not relevant to their interests. If I'm this socially inept at making conversation or trying to connect with people, then I thought maybe I should just shut the fuck up, keep to myself, and keep my distance from people. That's exactly whay I did for most of my life.  I feel like I missed this crucial part of my life where I should have developed essential social skills, such as how to hold conversations and how to keep meaningful friendships.  Most (if not all) of my relationships with people are just surface level at best. I've never had a "close friend" or let alone "best friend" of any sort - I'm just that guy that anyone calls to in case they need something. Or that cool guy who can do cool shit. It seems like people are only interested in what I have or what I can do rather than who I am as a person.  The reason why I've been "in character" as an online artist persona/content creator for so long is because I feel valued and validated through social media clout. I keep thinking to myself that even if I don't have friends, at least I have fans. Fame whoring has become an addiction for me that I've been using it as a substitute for meaningful social relationships - as a way to numb the pain of whatever's really going on with the current state of my social life. Whenever I get gilded on Reddit or people retweet my stuff on Twitter, it makes me feel like my voice is being heard and I'm making other people happy. But it's not enough to fill this empty husk of a human being that I am.  This is mostly what gets me up at night and stops me from waking up in the morning - because I have nothing to look forward to if people continue to not value me socially and keep excluding me from their day-to-day conversations. Am I really that boring?  I don't know who this message gets to, but if you made it this far, thank you for reading and listening to me. But before you comment or send me a personal message, ask yourself - are you saying that because you really care about me as a person? Or is this only a one-time thing just to help me get through this? Because, honestly, I don't want to be comforted. I just want a friend - a real friend - who will talk to me regularly and invite me to shit regularly.  But I guess that's too much to ask, because everyone's in established friend groups and cliques now with no room for more.  I'm so tired of being an option but never a priority.
[deleted]
>the ability to stay alone for extended periods of time is a strength in itself or a sign of independence.   Only for some people, for others it’s a living hell and that’s the truth.   I stoped trying to make friends around 1994, I was a very poor judge of people and seemed to be a magnet for every disfunctional sociopath around.   Mercifully I learned how to function and enjoy being alone which perversely only made me more of a target.     To this day I have no friends and 99% of the time I don’t want any (accept when playing GTA Online).  But you’re right in your accretion that it does seem to be too much to ask and I don’t know why?  Only two things are truly infinite, the universe and mans capacity for cruelty to his fellow man.
Yes. And this is exactly why you should give up
You sound a lot like myself, just you have a few steps up on me, I haven't been the "cool guy" with "cool stuff" or who can do "cool stuff", minus that and it's about the same... oh except you also have fans online, i don't have a online presence, i only really use sites like reddit to let out my crying voice inside once in a while - at this point i would happily be one of them gamers who spend their life online, at least they create *online friends* \- something else i don't have, i suck so much i can't even make a real friend through the net.   Sadly we live in a disconnected world, sure we have phones in our pockets and the internet at our finger tips but this is why it's so hard to make the first touch. As  kids we are in a controlled  environment, schools, schools place us in a "year group" of children who are all the same age, mostly will attend the same education facilities their whole child/teenage life as one another and thus will likely make a friend or so - this is great as it works for the most part but as we graduate and become adults, we potentially lose them friends, if you don't make more in college or early adult life, it becomes harder to, as once you could enter a social club and sit with a stranger and 2 hours later leave as best friends, this doesn't happen now. You enter said club to find most people open their phones, sure it could be simply they are nervous but normally this cuts us from them and we find it hard to connect.  I can say this as someone who has tried. I am almost  30 with no friends, AT ALL. Not even a single friend who is just a mate. I go to work and people do talk to me, because they have to, it's their job to report things and small office talk always circles around to "did you see that movie or tv show last night" sort of thing but not one of these people message me outside work aside from asking about shifts or times at work, no one wants a drink or a vent session, I'm not their senior either so its not like they don't wanna vent around me, its they don't want to be around me.   You say you feel your voice is heard online, i say thats a blessing. Sure i wont say it's ideal or enough, i can appreciate this, but as someone without a follower, without a friend, even someone i can pretend is one... this makes me jealous, I'm not saying i resent it but more it's a step above what i have, and then i ask is it enough? No? That's fine, but it's a starting point.   I wont say it gets better (you could be older than me...) or to switch of caring about others, it would be nice but i find myself in misery at 04am every morning trying to sleep (and failing) and it sounds like your no different there.   Now i can't comment to say i care about you as a person, i don't know you and your  likely on the other side of the planet, someone i will never meet, i wont say i don't care about who you are though, maybe i post a reply to make you realise that your not alone, there are lots of us wandering around, sadly most will never meet because we all have given up or the ones who haven't are close by but there is no reason you for to be here, you said yourself you want to be a priority... i would be happy as a option so your already beating me here too!   I wont lie to comfort you and say keep trying, i can't promise any more than anyone else that you will meet someone but if you give up, you don't have a chance either. So what's the point of my post? Maybe it's to vent, maybe its so you can see we all have a equal, maybe it's some pretend idea of mirror reflection to help myself see the truths, take it as you will, but the reality ends the same way, make of life as you  will.   I wish being alone was so easy, i truly do, many people can be happy alone but i crave more, i only want one person, a friend to ask how my day was or to chat about some tv show, maybe that's too much?
I feel this so much. Nowadays my want to become a full misanthrope grows more and more. It sucks when no one wants to be with you.
I feel like this is why it’s much harder to make friends after high school. People are way too busy with school, work, responsibilities, making ends meet, exercising, and staying in shape to talk to complete strangers in the hopes that they might become a friend.
[deleted]
Nice catch 22. In order to make friends you have to have friends and thus the cycle of futility never ends.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kv1kte/ok_this_question_tortures_me_and_i_dont_have/
"What would you do if you knew you would succeed?"
Try it?  As in, if I knew there is a 100% chance of success. I'd go for it. But I never think that.  As an example, I was foolish enough once to think that there was no way I was gonna be rejected. We had everything in common and got along well as friends so I asked if she wanted to get together and boom, rejected. Ruined the friendship in the process as well. Since then I've never thought anything is 100% certain. And never really had confidence in the same way.
I'd go for it. Who wouldn't? If you know it is going to succeed.  Thing is, you never do.
I'd do it if the reward outranked the risk. I'd have no reason not to.   I'm curious as to why this question tortures you. I'm not the most philosophical person so the torturing nature of this question alludes me.
Keep trying until that blessed moment
Yknow I'm right there with you OP, I don't know. Relationships are literally scary to me, they're foreign and intimidating.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kuzxqg/i_had_a_dream_where_i_had_friends/
I was in a new place like a shopping centre type and I just made friends with these 2 fun girls and we were just walking around having fun window shopping and making jokes about random products on the shelves i was genuinely enjoying myself and I loved every minute of it. When I woke up I just layed in bed for a hour wondering if it was real since it was such a chilli realistic dream where nothing crazy happened I was just having fun.  I should stop being so attached before I get addicted to the feeling of dreams.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kuslcd/well_im_back_at_square_1/
Well, it looked like life was looking up for me. I thought I was climbing out of this hole and getting friends but just like that, it all went back down the drain. My main friend doesnt respond to my texts anymore and my other ones are too busy and I'm all alone now.
This is the worst part of being FA. Even if we did manage to get a girlfriend or make a friend, once they decide to leave us, we’re just back to the loneliness. I mean what are the chances our first girlfriend will be our soulmate and be with us forever? What are the chances our first friend will be a lifelong friend?
I have a small tight group of discord friends and that’s enough for me right now. More would be great but I’ll take what I can get
Yeah its unfortunate how that is the issue, but people do still keep trying, and I feel a lot of it is the "confidence" and hope that it will happen that people are also attracted to, especially those out there and searching.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kuxe8e/fa_music_thread/
I though it would be cool to have a  thread with music that might be relatable for FA people such as  ourselves (songs about other people's relationships--which are most of the songs out there) are just plain unrelatable.  Here's one I found recently:   [Fuck What People Say - by X Lovers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6YwhqCmFmY)    **Lyrics**:  I feel so lonely, no one to hold me   City is sleeping but i’m wide awake    I turn the lights off, can’t turn my mind off   Nobody sees me and i feel insane  Help me out, time is running out    Lie to me, tell me everything   Is gonna be…   Okay some day   Cause seasons change   But i don’t want to wait    They say You’ll feel better   But I don’t ever   So fuck what people say   Anyway   Stare at the ceiling as if it’s revealing    Some secret solution that i haven’t found   People on tv keep trying to reach me   But i’m not believing a word out their mouth   Help me out, time is running out    Lie to me, tell me everything   Is gonna be…   Okay some day    Cause seasons change    But i don’t want to wait    They say You’ll feel better   But I don’t ever   So fuck what people say   Anyway   Cause i’m so tired   I could die    But they tell me    It’ll be alright
Sasha Sloan - The Only  Lyrics:  I can't be the only one  Who's lonely tonight  I can't be the only  One who's drinking by myself  Wishing that I was somewhere else  Talking to voices in my head  Because at least they're listening  Right here's an easy place to hide I stay in bed and shut the blinds  Don't even know where I would go  But I know  That there's gotta be somebody out there  There's gotta be somebody somewhere  Who needs company  And it's comforting to know I can't be the only one  Who's lonely tonight   No, I can't be the only  One with nobody to call  This city makes me feel so small  A million people in this town  But I could scream without a sound  So I get high to pass the time  Talk to someone I met online  To make myself feel less alone  'Cause I know  That there's gotta be somebody out there  There's gotta be somebody somewhere  Who needs company  And it's comforting to know I can't be the only one  Who's lonely tonight   No, I can't be the only  No, I can't be the only one  Who's lonely tonight  No, I can't be the only one  Who's lonely  No, I can't be the only  The only
https://youtu.be/op3Jfq0qtNQ (don't watch if you're epileptic)  You fit perfectly to me in this lonelyness, melt this curse away.  Though I'll never know your name I'll cry for you the same.  Don't move so lightly, static snow, that is your memory  Although I know we'll never meet you're in every part of me
I'd say Juice WRLD is a good one. Sure he has his fair share of love songs but he also has songs about mental illness in particular. For example Empty, Righteous, Conversations, Wishing Well, Maze, and many more.
nothing, nowhere - rejecter  i love that song.
Sasha Sloan is a nice artist. She makes the 'max relate' kind of songs
Fun fact: she grew up in my town and I went to highschool with her.
That's really cool :)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kuu141/divine_inspiration_does_not_make_it_easier/
You know, speaking as a Christian man who does his best to practice and not preach what he believes you would think that having divine guidance to not worry about or pursue marriage would be a relief— it isn’t!   Oh sure, at first it was, especially when you’ve been taught all your life that marriage is a commandment, to then be told you are exempt from that requirement should be a load off your mind—it’s not!  For the last 5 years I have come to realize that it’s not really that I am exempt so much as requiring me to get married would be setting me up for failure.    Now don’t get me wrong, I recognize objectively that I am being shown mercy and consideration but at the same time I realize what it says about me as a man: That if I ever had tried I would have failed miserably.   Worse still, I have come to see why, I have come to realize how inadequate I am for the role of husband and father and so I understand why heaven inspired me that was not to pursue it.     While I am genuinely grateful for divine inspiration it does not make the sense of inferiority and failure any less, in fact it feels even worse, knowing that I am so emotionally and spiritually behind the pack that I have to be told “your exempt from that commandment”.    On the one hand it’s good to know, but on the other its like dreaming of going to the Olympics only to learn you have no idea how to run, and don’t even have any legs.       never the less, at least I can take comfort in knowing that I will not be held accountable on the other side for having been single all my life.
Ive always found that fascinating about religion, and those who have discussed that portion regarding the "load off your mind" as the lord will guide you sorta position. I always found that to be a bit of a trap in the sense that you do not have to worry about your path and it makes it linear, but, your guide doesnt help you, just tells you where you should head, and it seems so impersonal for so many people.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kv3oil/i_have_a_date_today/
Fellas you didn't read that wrong i have a date with a real life female. Im not nervous at all because I know she's absolutely SIMPING for me. Anyway wish me luck not that im gonna need it hehe.
Then I won't wish you good luck.
Good luck. Just remember to wash your left hand after you finish.
Good luck. Wishing you all the best.
Good luck buddy 👍
Yeeee
Aw man
What? If you have it all figured out, you don't need an absolute loser like me to wish you anything. Not like it changes anything in the first place.
Youre not a loser man,  if a fatass like me with baldness at 22 can do it, anyone can
Sure. whatever you say.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kuktrs/wear_a_smile/
How am I supposed to go walking around smiling at people with my ugly face? How does that work? I can smile at somebody and then want to kick their ass because they think it’s funny to joke about my face. I can see if I had a nice smile but I don’t. My teeth aren’t straight and my lips look lopsided I can’t fix it.
Are masks helping you then?
As someone with resting bitch face, it's annoying when people say "don't be mad, wear a smile" when I'm just being plain or worse, happy. It's really condescending and it takes me a lot of energy to maintain a plain (according to most people) or smile. In this pandemic, wearing mask is really helpful to avoid this problem.
rona is godsend in this regard
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kupudm/gifts_that_were_cute_but_didnt_work/
So hello. New here. With a mixture of the current state of the world and growing pessimistic attitude i definitely see myself being forever alone. I've recently been thinking about past relationships as well as past flirtatious encounters seeing where I went wrong. There was one that involved a gift that I thought would at least warrent a date. Not so. She was a project manager for some medical drug company. Always complained she didn't have enough time. Maybe this was a silent signal she wasn't interested in hanging out but we would talk on the phone for hours after dark. So the gift idea i had was a necklace with a time turned from Harry Potter since she was a huge fan. She loved it but that was that.  Do you guys have stories like this?
[deleted]
Lessons on socializing learned the hard way? Yeah, I've had a few.  A cute girl in my high school chemistry class sent me a long email about how she was stuck at home bored that weekend and stuff. I replied and we ended up exchanging several dozen emails over the course of the next month or so. One day she just stopped replying. I thought we had a good thing going :( We spoke about it years later and it turned out she had a huge crush on me and was heartbroken that I didn't like her back. In reality I thought she was gorgeous and charming but had no idea what sort of things people did together in person - what friends I had talked to each other via long emails or video game chats too. Lesson learned: should've just asked her to go hiking with me; she would've enjoyed it even though she's not really the outdoors type. Invite people into your life if you want them in it.  Several years later a female friend invited me and another girl to go two-stepping. I have no clue how to dance but saw no reason not to see what it was about and was grateful to be included. We sat down at a table and the two of them spent the whole night whispering to each other and ignoring me. I eventually saw another guy I recognized and spent the evening talking to him until we drove back in silence. Talked it over with her the next day and it turned out they were wondering why I wasn't asking them to dance. Lesson learned: if something's confusing / bothering you you're better off just asking. Your speculation could be wildly off. Also secondary lesson: gender roles are far more alive and well than you may realize.    Just gotta learn from the experience so you can at least make a different mistake next time lol. Maybe we'll make all the possible mistakes and escape someday.
I mean, the email thing is somewhat valid in my book. I've been partnered up with a girl who kept writing on my binder and touching my hands during experiments and that went WAY over my head XD
> past relationships   > past flirtatious encounters      > Do you guys have stories like this?  I feel like you're not really getting what FA means here...
Fair. At the time I thought it showed I was willing to be committed if there was any doubt left. But hind sight is 20/20
I apologize. Thought after reading the new members thread that it also extended to people who feel like they will be forever alone. If this is not the correct subreddit I apologize.
No need to apologize. There's no definiton of what FA is (and there is even a subreddit rule about it). I just meant that the vast majority of people are FA in the sense that they have absolutely zero experience and have never been the subject of anyone's romantic or sexual desire, so you're probably not going to find someone with your level of experience here.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kulp7y/nature_is_unfair/
If you think about people like Newton, a big brained, famous, rich dude who lived in a time where dating standards basically didn't exist, died a virgin, then think about how many people lived their entire life as virgins. Died without children, alone, no one to remember them by. How many of these people do you think existed? Maybe we are them.
[deleted]
I read it is around 2% of the population but the numbers are probably rising
Newton probably lived that way by choice and was content with it. involuntary virgins on the other hand, yeah.
I guess. My question still stands tho
Actually there is a lot to suggest. Apparently he talked about it on his deathbed. You don't mention things you did on your deathbed, you mention your regrets.
fuck yea 2% representing
[deleted]
And? I think often of my parents or grandparents, and they do the same.  Meanwhile I'll be the fucking loser that ends the family tree because I can't even socialize properly.
[deleted]
Wether my children like me or not, they'll know I existed.
[deleted]
They might forget about me as we grow apart. Children don't forget their parents.
[deleted]
I cut out my mother five years ago. Haven't talked to her since. I will remember her tho. No one forgets their parents. At least someone will remember me "existing".  It's not like i'll gain anything from it, idk why im even talking about it
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ku8c7h/my_therapist_is_even_stumped/
I managed to do the impossible yesterday.  I've been seeing a therapist once a month since September and we have been trying to work through things. I got some meds for my anxiety and my therapist suggested I try a dating site once again.  She asked to see my profile...she loved the pictures and the summary. In the last visit she told me this looks really great and you are a really nice guy. She said I was completely normal and she couldn't understand how I have never been on a date.  Well after using the site for a month, I liked and messaged around 100 girls. Only around 15 of those girls even read my message (you can see read receipts if you pay for a membership) and only 10 of those 15 actually looked at my profile (you can see that too)  So yesterday when we got to talk on this topic, I started tearing up and told her...and my therapist literally started tearing up saying she doesn't understand with such bewilderment.  I managed to break my therapist.  If she is stumped, what do I do next?  I'm completely lost...I just don't know if I'll ever have this.  **EDIT**: Wow I didn't expect this to blow up...I'll try answering all your questions. I'm on Match not Tinder.
Self-Help Authors: **\*happy exploitation noises\***  Seriously, though, I know it's bad but on the other hand therapists are humans too, and like all professionals sometimes they need time to think about a problem before fixing it. Not every doctor knows the right treatment plan immediately, after all, so "stumping" your therapist isn't quite the low point some people think it is.
Think about it this way though; imagine your therapist said “oh yeah, I can definitely see why women don’t like you” - I don’t think my self esteem could handle it.  I think I’m in a similar place; people always tell me that I’ll easily get a relationship some day and that they’ll fix me up with someone because I’m such a good guy. Then nothing ever comes of it because the girls they want to fix me up with are never interested.  For the last few years I’ve refered to it as “the curse” because it really feels like one. Like you I’ve been in therapy and explored many other avenues of self-improvement. It just never bears fruit and I’m still kind of suspicious that I have a second personality that insults the women I match with on online dating.
[removed]
The responses to this thread are an absolute shitshow.   Sorry OP, that must have been  a fucking terrible feeling.I understand it as well, been on Tinder for fucking forever and not even a single like with good pics. Not knowing your situation, I cannot give any explanations. It must have sucked to feel that even your therapist was unequipped though.
Using a dating site for a month isn't going to do it for most FA guys. Like others have said pretty much all sites have way more men than women. Even if your profile is good, the first message still has to be spot on too.    Basically, you're up against it odds wise and you should use dating sites with that understanding. Otherwise they'll kill your self esteem in no time. It's going to take a while.   Also, not all dating sites are the same so if one isn't working for you at all move on to the next one or take a break from it. Depending on lockdown restrictions where you live, timing is pretty bad for dating.
Well... time for the aids we call the real world even during covid lmao
Do people still think that Tinder is for 'dating'?  I can tell you many, but 'dating' is none of them.
> Claim to help you understand and solve your problems > Don't understand your problem > Finally see yor problem > Get stumped
I tend to get similar treatment from women in committed relationships. They seem to legitimately feel like I should be a good catch. Single women, not so much.   I think this is because over time women forget what they were looking for when they were dating around. Also, the qualities I have that they're responding to are the personality qualities they were expecting their partners to develop, but haven't.
Tinder isn't the best place to look for a mate. Its known as the app for procreating, so if you're not adding funny quips, and photos that exaggerate your life, you wont find much luck, and even then the quality of your company may be subpar since theyre trying to be a booty call
[deleted]
May I ask which dating site you used? Even if it's only for paid accounts, being able to see if your message was read AND if they visited your profile, is pretty good.  Online dating can be very emotionally draining, because you have to invest a lot of time and effort in it with often little response. But don't give up yet. Again, which dating site did you use? It may not be the right site/app for you.
[removed]
Aw happy 🍰 day !
I'm sorry dude... I would feel awful if my Theropist started crying with me. Maybe give OKCupid a go? It'll take longer then a month, becuase that's just how online dating works, but I've known lots of people who have found relationships through OKCupid. GL man, truly hoping for the best for you.
happy cake day
How good is the therapist though.
> She asked to see my profile...she loved the pictures and the summary.  Did she phrase it like "you'd be great for some other girl just not me" as girls do when they want to say no while sounding nice?  That's a "no" BTW, although a very polite "no".  There's a pretty big difference when girls say "If my professional code didn't prohibit it, I would date you" vs "Well I'm sure there's a girl out there somewhere for you, just not me of course"  May want to reconsider the whole "ask a fish how to catch a fish" thing.  > she couldn't understand how I have never been on a date  Does she know you're on meds for anxiety?  A therapist saying "I've never heard of social anxiety disorder" sounds unusual.
I assume you’re on match cause of it allows to show who viewed your profile (ok I see you are/were). I used to live in a fairly populous city and I found a lot more people were on tinder when compared to match.  Tbh I’d say online hookups are less stigmatized than online actual dating. I really wanted the dating apps to work for me because I am socially inept but you have to realize, a LOT of the opportunities for a meaningful relationship aren’t entirely viable through a dating app. Meeting people irl even if it means going out of your comfort zone is the only thing I haven’t tried yet
Welp I'm not an expert on the issue but I would say the issue is: dating sites/apps  From what I understand, these are basically hookup devices, and that is like a best case scenario. So really your profile doesn't matter, only your profile pic. Otherwise, it is a validation device for good looking people (men and women). Basically they open up their smartphones, see messages, feel good that some people would like to date them and then move on with their lives.  I would try to be some kind of sage and suggest where you might otherwise get those mythical "normal" dates, but I honestly have no clue where. In our society you can't get dates on the dating sites and you can't get them anywhere else. So we're just fucked.
Stay off dating apps and websites!   It will kill the average man's confidence and self-worth.
The thing is that some people just roll the dice poorly again and again. It's definitely not a guarantee but keep trying dude
Your therapist is a retard ..
[removed]
I see your side of the story and I can empathise with it. However, please keep in mind that a therapist is not a pick-up artist. Therapists are trained in showing you what keeps you down mentally and how you can break free from your mental chains, not how to get laid. When you said "and my therapist literally started tearing up saying she doesn't understand" I really think that she genuinely doesn't know how to help you and she started tearing up because she saw how painful that is to you.      I think you should talk to her about this incident next time and tell her that you found it a bit disheartening. And maybe apologise since you thought her reaction means you are hopeless, which you are not. And if she won't tell this to you, then I will: You will have to learn pick-up on your own, not from a therapist. So please go easy on her.
do yourself a favor and delete dating apps, they do no good for you
1. Find a different therapist 2. Ask original therapist on a date, as it sounds like you're really well matched.
Guys, unless you are really hot you are probably better off not wasting your time on Tinder  [https://medium.com/@worstonlinedater/tinder-experiments-ii-guys-unless-you-are-really-hot-you-are-probably-better-off-not-wasting-your-2ddf370a6e9a](https://medium.com/@worstonlinedater/tinder-experiments-ii-guys-unless-you-are-really-hot-you-are-probably-better-off-not-wasting-your-2ddf370a6e9a)
Dude Tinder is a shitshow. Online dating is not IRL dating, not even close. Go out and meet people, (you know, once COVID is over). You'll find it's way easier, and people who wouldn't give your profile the time of day might be into you.
Im a woman and I know that the dating app experience is very different for men and women, but like others said, if you want an actual relationship and not a hook up, I think tinder is not the place for you.      I've always liked OkCupid, I met my current boyfriend there. It's more relationship oriented. You can answer many questions about yourself and the algorythm compares your answers to others. It gives you a "compatibility percentage". That way you are *at least* trying to filter people based on their personality, belief system, political views, etc, and not just looks and a short description of yourself. I think it works better for people "like us". Be aware though that many people dont give the time of the day to answer those questions and use the app just like tinder... :/
It probably isn't your therapists job to help you GET into a relationship. Right now, I would say, your therapy should be focused on you accepting you for yourself.  I'm sorry about the aweful experience, friend. I know dating apps are hard, though I haven't ever used any. I understand they can hurt self esteem. Just know that there are others like you. You are not alone in your sadness, and you have FA's full support. You also clearly have a therapist that cares about you, as well as others in your life I'm sure.   Don't let the dating app get to you. You got 10 look-sees at least. Not a great batting average, but in my book I would say that isn't too bad, considering how shallow some sites can be.
[removed]
the fuck did I just read ?
Stumping may even be a good thing. It will force a reconsideration of everything.   What will be the low point is when the therapist says there is nothing more they can do.
If your client is unwanted, you can't treat that problem directly. There's no way of forcing the opposite gender to like them, no matter how good of a therapist they are. I think the best thing they can do is giving the client a healthier coping mechanism to deal with the reality of the situation, and I'm going to say that again, *but they can't solve their problem*.
Well I mentioned how my friends and family have the same feeling that she did...why is it not working...I'm no model but I'm a decent looking guy and I have a solid personality.  Am I the most attractive person (both physically and personality-wise), hell no. But people that are far worse are in relationships.
It's the opposite. Men ruin dating sites by liking/messaging every single woman rather than carefully considering who they _actually_ are compatible with as women do. That's why every woman on dating sites is bombarded with attention and that's why it's hard for her to maintain a high level of interest is _every_ opportunity.  Obviously I'm generalising here, not all men are the same, but enough are like that to ruin it for the rest of us.  One final point OP, 10/100 is a great reply ratio. Of those 100 girls, more than 50 will have been inactive accounts. Of the remainder, many will already have hundreds of messages in their inbox.
It's okay...I'm actually using [match.com](https://match.com). My therapist told me to avoid Tinder (aka hook up apps)  She's very honest with me, she has told me stuff I didn't like to hear so I can't agree with other comments saying she's just telling me what I want to hear.
The comments warning against putting therapists on a pedestal are spot on. Is that what you’re talking about?
Yeah she recommended I put my account on pause because it's winter and we have the lockdown stuff (I'm in NY).  Still, it's really frustrating.
How about 2 years?
Depends on where OP lives. Here in Germany, Tinder is absolutely used primarily for dating. Sure, there might be some girls on there who only look for hookups, but these are quite rare, even in the larger cities.
Not tinder. I signed up for match. My therapist advised me against the "hook-up" apps.
Not tinder...my therapist advised me against the "hook-up" apps. I signed up for match.
It's ok. I kind of chuckled writing this because it's funny in a morbid way.  My therapist is in her early 40's so I think she's more in tune with what's going on. She looked at my profile at then beginning and was very honest with me saying it's good but she wanted me to make some improvements.
Yeah I feel that if she is older she might not understand how dating apps work in practice. I like to believe good of people so I really hope she is not lying just for money like that other commentor said. Like if she isn't providing help then the customer will go to another therapist.
[removed]
I signed up for 6 months on match. My therapist said to try an actual sit, not Tinder or the "hook-up" apps.  Thanks. I'm hoping my luck will one day turn around. All it takes is one person to give me a shot.
Well she didn’t say anything involving her like “I would date you.” She said I needed to make a couple small changes but that it was a vibrant profile that she could see getting interest.  We’ve also talked about my anxiety before and she concluded that because I have a good amount of friends that I don’t have social anxiety but rather that I just have some self-esteem/confidence issues when it comes to girls.  I have a really good therapist. She’s very kind but also very fair and tells me if I’m doing something wrong. I sincerely believe she’s trying all she can to help me
I do...I always do lol
My sister refuses to believe no girl wants me.
if only
I've always struggled with this because I've never known where to go out to meet anyone even before COVID. The Meetup groups in my area are kind of lame but maybe it's just where I live. But I'd definitely rather go out and meet someone than trying to meet someone on a dating app again. People are so fake trying to show their best selves to you and I can see right through it.
Hi, I'm actually on match. I probably should have specified the site. My therapist advised me against the "hook-up" apps like Tinder.
Also there's a lot more realistic looking people on OkCupid than Tinder. Tinder just looks like a bunch of Instagram influencers got lost.
I remember doing experiments there with an ai generated photos. Women profiles get bombarded before they even upload that questionaire thing. Just one bad photo with bad teeth and a foreign name is enough to get plenty of msgs a day refering to that name and ignoring the teeth lol.
"Accepting yourself". Any reason in particular for thinking OP doesn't already?
Because?
A story of someone's therapist encouraging them to try online dating and it going exactly as one would expect.
Man I can totally relate to this. I’m an average looking guy and I actually used to have a decent “love life” over a decade ago. But I hit a wall,hard. I can’t get a girl to go on a date with me despite actively trying the past 12 years. My family doesn’t understand it, I don’t understand it. I feel like someone put a curse on me.
Also there are many men on these sites who are already in relationships and just looking for something on the side.
[removed]
I think she all of a sudden, at once, realised that most of the attention she has been given in her life, starting with online dating, most likely at match.com, wasn't because of her personality, but because of a crossover of her gender/looks which is partially what she learned in school, just didn't internalise it - you know, all those studies where even infants spend more time looking at symmetrical faces than non symmetrical faces and many other psych. research.  This is what makes people angry inside when people claim they're not good looking enough for dating - the people successful in dating just don't want to think that looks/gender are that important, they'd rather like to feel in control and think that stuff happens because of their great fassion sense (blue jeans + black tshirt), cooking skills (around 3 separate dishes), or sense of humour (if someone's attracted then they laugh, often prematurely, even at normal sentences not intended to be funny).
Where I am in the world dating isn't really an option right now unless you have the confidence to do video dates. Under normal circumstances, 2 years is probably longer than I could go unless there were some signs of progress, like I'd at least have to be getting some matches or dates.  Before the pandemic I got some advice from someone that has had success online on how to make a good profile and send good messages out. I'd aim to give it about a year and then take a break if it wasn't working.
It is?  I'm also german and I actually see a lot of people who think that it's just for sex too, but the only acquaintance of mine who I know of who uses it only uses it for hook ups.  It might have to do with the fact that I live in a rural area though where dating apps (or rather all social apps) are flat out garbage.
>Here in Germany, Tinder is absolutely used primarily for dating.  What I'm rather talking about is using Tinder is literally like sending your CV to a corporation for employment. Corporates have an entry-level prerequisites for acceptance of applications and others for acceptance after interviews.  So **first**,  "sending your CV to a corporate that has no clear list of requirements or to one which your CV doesn't meet up with, and getting sad over rejection is 'idiotic' or 'unwarranted' "  **second**,  Relationships are not a job that you apply for; if one accept it to be so, then one should not feel down when rejected; rejection is due to heavy competition, companies lowering their standards for lower monthly salaries and 'maybe' a creative would be hired who would balance the business's score.  **third** and **last**,  I'm against lowering myself to such level and treating myself like someone trying to apply for a damned 9-5, tips-based job; if for an odd reason I go with it, max I'll expect is basically an escort service (if any thing develops, so be it; I'm just not expecting more initially, just like a poker outing in Vegas)  Simply I'm more interested in meeting with that otaku on a Facebook group who's interested, as I, in reading Berserk, in attending Tomorrowland festival next July, or in a botanicals' compendium that I used to borrow from a library than I'm interested in  another stating on an app "if you're under 6'3, swipe left , looking for fun, or no players"  (I hope you understand that I'm using figurative caricatures and extremism to put a spotlight on the obscurity of and to scrutinize online dating, platforms dehumanizing a supposedly human experience; at least if 'those' fail, they're human fails not employment fails.)
[removed]
>Not tinder. I signed up for match.  I was using 'tinder' as an example for online 'dating' platforms, and by using 'match' you're still setting up a partially eugenic profile, a CV.  > My therapist advised me against the "hook-up" apps.   Good from the therapist.
Age is certainly a factor. I also tend to think FA folks are better off with a male therapist. A lot of women just don't get the concept of not being able to get a date because the action comes to them. Their experience is so fundamentally different, whereas with guys, even a well-adjusted, decent-looking dude still has an uphill climb in the dating scene and is in the "salesman" role, so it's much less of a stretch for them to understand.
[removed]
Not sure how true this is, but I've heard Match has been pretty dead for a while.  It's almost all bots and long-abandoned profiles of people who moved to other sites.
> I sincerely believe she’s trying all she can to help me  Yeah, I think you're right, generally assume the best outta people when possible, etc.  What seems to trigger FA in general about this story, is take your story and cross out all the stuff about her job being a therapist and and retell the same story but write in that its your female relative, aunt perhaps, or the lady who cuts your hair, or some rando female coworker, and the story seems to just be normie advice from normie women that we've heard a million times, whereas people hope for or maybe demand some kind of magic from a therapist.  It generally understood normie advice and cliche phrases are utterly useless, thus the frustration.  Certainly, if someone had clinical depression a professional therapist would never try normie advice on them like "snap out of it" so its weird seeing a story about a FA dude hearing normie meme commentary from a therapist.  I would recommend in a non-confrontational friendly and informative manner to clarify and extend in a conversation with her, her opinion on social anxiety disorder, AVP, anxiety, DSM vs ICD criteria, and all that.  I'm just saying it comes across as something analogous to you don't have arachnaphobia because you instead have some issues such as an irrational terror of spiders, what an interesting way to phrase that.  And as such trying to calmly understand each other's perspectives on things when you two talk is always a good thing and stuff like that.  I'm not saying she's right or wrong but it is pretty factual that the letter of the law for ICD vs DSM for stuff like social anxiety disorder vs AVP is pretty far apart and you'd likely get an informative discussion out of her on her diagnosis thought process, especially seeing as you self describe some of the DSM criteria for SAD although maybe she thinks something else.  Or maybe she's misheard stuff you've said and it could be a productive conversation in that sense that now she'd know and maybe change her opinion.
Alright, and what if you sister from today told you otherwise? Wouldn't that be rude on her part, and how would she feel it you tommorow after learning that, would do some self harming? Guilty? She does the right thing whether it's actually true what she thinks or she just pretends to be thinking that.
Because if OP has already accepted himself, then this Redditor has nothing of note to say.
[removed]
Best TL,DR of the post though. This commenter didn't even deserved it.
Tragic
> I feel like someone put a curse on me.  That’s exactly how I feel; I don’t really believe in anything supernatural but to me, “the curse” makes me wonder. There’s even times when it seems to be lifted for a week or so but then it comes back out of nowhere.  For example, I had been chatting with a girl on Tinder for about two weeks and the conversation seemed really pleasant. Then yesterday I notice she’s unmatched me. Out of nowhere. ...and I wish that it was the first time this happened to me; even over the last year I’ve had about six sudden “ghostings”.
[removed]
Of course Facebook groups. That lovely totally non-corporate mom & pop owned website where you don't share any personal details at all.   /s, but if that works for you run with it. A lot of FA guys would get ignored on Facebook too. I don't disagree with what you're saying though, online dating can be very impersonal but for people who are useless at approaching women in real life what other choices do we have? Especially during a pandemic.
Okay. What are you doing in this sub, then?
Eugenic profile, what a phrase.
>whereas people hope for or maybe demand some kind of magic from a therapist  There are audio recordings of therapies out there online. He has some online: [https://www.youtube.com/c/ToddGrande/search?query=therapy](https://www.youtube.com/c/ToddGrande/search?query=therapy) and if you look him up he has the credentials. There is more if you know how to search. It seem that he is high IQ (generally to be a therapist it's a cross check of hard work and higher than average IQ) and he is able to work with people in the 85-115 IQ range, and higher, if they're adolescents perhaps, as those people can fall into various [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive\_bias#List\_of\_biases](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_bias#List_of_biases) or not be able to consider their behaviour from others' point of view and not be aware either that they think that way, or what a cognitive bias is to begin with... And the therapy should work with them.  I'm 115 myself, all through life, that's my score on various IQ tests, sometimes only leaning above that, slightly, never below that. Given that I had read psych/socio uni textbooks from start to finish as well as varrious manuals for MMPI, DSM-IV etc. and given that I know how therapies generally look like, I think it would only make me mad for being spoken to in what from my perspective is an infantile way of speaking...
>See for yourself  Piss poor answer. Come on, sonny, you can do better than that. How does the comment section make you "realise why you guys are forever alone"?   What's your story? Why are you browsing on this sub?
Like you.
> Of course Facebook groups. That lovely totally non-corporate mom & pop owned website where you don't share any personal details at all.  At least it's not 'dating'-centered, so the expectation is not revolving around there.  What I'm advocating is socializing platforms not 'dating'-platforms...that's it.
You're literally giving in your race, height, eye color, hair color, religion, personal 'portraits', etc.   If that's how H. sapiens interact now, I'm a Neanderthal then and I don't care.
[removed]
If you're talking about to build friendships and social circles I'm with you but how do you translate that into dating opportunities? Or do you mean go into it with zero expectations of dating and see what happens?   Like, if you see the woman in the same interest group how do you approach her on Facebook without seeming like a creep? At least with dating apps women expect you to make contact.
[deleted]
Actually I am widowed with two children.
>Or do you mean go into it with zero expectations of dating and see what happens?  First, this maybe my way, but it's not common for people to cope through pessimism.  >If you're talking about to build friendships and social circles I'm with you but how do you translate that into dating opportunities?   >   >Like, if you see the woman in the same interest group how do you approach her on Facebook without seeming like a creep?  During group/interest outings (but COVID), and if one has social anxiety this needs to be addressed with the therapist first as in treatment (and it starts with basic human contact, then friendships, then intimate relationships)  >At least with dating apps women expect you to make contact.  That's the problem, now it's job interview. (How many are applying for the same job? At that point, it's like getting set up for failure.)
I'm genuinely interested to hear how you get on with this. It doesn't sound much different to say joining a club or social group. It's good in theory but I think where I'd struggle is managing my expectations, making myself standout in a group setting and making new friendships at an older age. I've tried something similar through meetup groups but for the most part you meet, have a great time and then disperse off into busy lives. The regulars are the same and then the newbies fleet in and out before you can get to know them.    >That's the problem, now it's job interview. (How many are applying for the same job?)  I'm not deluded and I get how hard it is. To give yourself any semblance of a chance you've got to be good with your profile and first message. At least be better than guy who messages "hey how r u lol?" with a dimly lit bedroom selfie.
>I think where I'd struggle is managing my expectations   >   > making myself standout in a group setting   The hardest expectation to beat is the edge to stand out; accepting that there are always people better, those who fit more in the other party's prerequisites from a business's sense.  The same notion is the reason companies fire employees as if they're obliterating a bug because they can fire one at any moment and get 1000 job applications the same instant.  Aging only affects the topic of the said 'club' is revolving around, so you do the math.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kug0rs/do_you_ever_watch_a_movie_and_a_scene_comes_on/
Do you ever watch a movie, and a scene comes on showing the romantic interaction between a man and a woman? I did and it sets my mood for the rest of today. It is also raining with bouts of snow, so that makes the day dreary, but one that I like. I just didn't think my mood would be so affected by that movie.  I was watching a movie this morning called Olympic Dreams. It's a story about a skier and a dentist at the Winter Olympics in South Korea. They spent the day together and the skier invites the dentist to her dorm room, and of course he goes. She has changed out of her winter clothes onto more relaxing outfit, but one that says something can and may happen between them. The couple lay down on the bed, but not in a sexual way, they are beside each other and touching, but again not in a sexual way.  They hold hands and are cuddling. She with her head resting on his shoulder, while he is laying on his back. They are talking and enjoying the moment, side by side, while he is falling asleep and the skier is looking at him, but in a loving way. It was at that moment that I stopped watching the movie. I couldn't finish watching it, so I don't know if it progressed into anything else. I don't care if it did anyways, I had started to tear up, I was on the verge of crying. I couldn't handle that scene.  That is what I want!!! To lay with a gal and cuddle, to spoon, to hold and be held. It doesn't have to always be about sex. As I have gotten older and view the world from a perspective of a single, never married male sex has taken a plunge, because sex can be bought, but intimacy is fleeting, it is difficult to find, especially for a guy like me.  It is so painful to know that I will never feel the touch of a woman in any fashion, or touch a woman in a romantic way, and that my intimate moments will come from some random scene from a movie, or even seeing others enjoy holding hands, or that stolen kiss or hug. Let me tell you that big boys do cry, and I do it more than I want to.
That led me to an unsuccessful suicide attempt once ( I even failed at that too ) and that’s why I tried to  watch movies that include zero human interaction which is really hard to find and equal to impossible. That’s why I quit watching movies.
Same, In the past few weeks literally any romantic interaction i see in media makes me cry, it just completely stops me in my tracks and ruins the rest of my day
I feel the same and I'm very scared of being broken beyond repair. I can't see that kind of romances in movies or even commercials without crying. I can't listen to music that mentions love or romwnrif relationships without crying. Heck, I can't even see a couple or the word 'girlfriend' without tearing up.   Sometimes I can't stand the pain.
Isn't Olympic dreams a Rom-Com? Why would you do this to yourself?
Yep. PDA. Public displays of affection. A couple displaying emotions towards each other out in public don't realize what it does to the lonely. I know it is not intentional on their part. It just brings it home how alone we are.
I was just rewatching the office for the millionth time and everytime I saw Jim and Pam do anything cute, it made me so sad.
Yeah, it's really frustrating. Most of series & movies have romantic scene thrown up even though the genre is not romantic, maybe it's relatable for most people and give some characterizations, but it's really painful to watch for FAs like you & me.  It may be not a cup of your tea, I found most of non-romantic Japanese series or movies basically don't have romance being sandwiched in the plot. Those make me glad because I don't have to be reminded of how I won't be able to experience something romantic.
Yea, can relate.   Worst is just getting emotional or angry at the sight of couples on the street. Atleast one good thing about the pandemic is that I don't see a lot of those lately.
I relate to this so hard. People tell me to rewatch the office because it’s funny and will cheer me up. But I can’t because of Jim and Pam. It’s just too painful a reminder of what I long for and don’t have.
Go watch WALL-E again. That shit gets you right in the feels.
I understand totally. I pick movies based on more action, adventure and suspense, not romance. However the occasional love scene pops up.
Then we share life experiences. We definitely belong here. That doesn't mean you have to stay here. Perhaps the Gods will smile and bless you with what you want. I sincerely hope so.
It is a ROM-com, but the point is any genre of movie? I was channel surfing and came across this movie and decided to watch it. It is actually a decent movie from what I saw. I didn't finish watching it, but will one day.  I didn't intentionally set to put my mood in the doldrums, it was that one scene that did it. I hate how something like that can bring me down. I should be use to it, which I am, but that doesn't mean I am immune to the occasional slip back into a reality of loneliness.
No you're not alone and I think you're fine if it's the occasional slip; it's unrealistic to think you can remove these feelings completely. Personally I've had it worse from music than movies as I feel so far removed from what I see in most movies and I avoid rom-coms.   I also think it's worse when real life wants to send a pop-up reminder like sitting next to loved up couple on a long haul flight.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kuhrt9/spending_my_birthday_alone_was_harder_than/
My birthday is one week after Christmas... Yep, on New Year's day. This past holiday season I decided to do my own thing for the holidays, which was really freeing. It's been getting harder the past couple of holidays, because I would look at people with their family having fun, knowing I didn't have family I could turn to. So I decided to spend Thanksgiving and Christmas alone. This past Christmas I decided to go visit my mother's grave site. This is something I have been wanting to do during Christmas for years, but I never did it because it would be hard to look at someone else's family and say, "I'm going to leave your party early to go to the cemetery."   For some reason I thought spending my birthday alone would be just as freeing, but it was not. Honestly I have two friends that I hang out with. One friend mocks my abusive past with my father and rubs it in my face that he is married and I am not. My other friend said he wanted to join me for my birthday, but decided to stay in the woods and keep hunting, ditching my birthday dinner I planned for myself. I confronted him saying I was hurt for he did not spend my birthday dinner with me. He told me that it would have been "irresponsible" of him to leave hunting, "because deer were moving." I asked, "Irresponsible?" He then reassured me that it would be irresponsible if he did not keep hunting, since he already paid for a gun and paid for the permits, thus, it would be irresponsible if he did not stay and hunt.   I'm thinking I'm hurt spending my birthday alone because my one friend who says, "I'm always here for you," and tells me that my life is important to him, decided that hunting was more important than celebrating the birth of my life.    It is as if this equation is in my head: Holidays are for family. I have no family, therefore, I don't need the holidays.   Birthdays are for celebrating someone's life. No one was there for my birthday, thus my life is not worth celebrating.
I m sorry you have such bad friends :/ Maybe staying with your family is the best thing to do.
First, happy belated birthday for you!  Sorry about what you've been going through! I can't consider both of them as your friends. The first one basically bullies you and the other broke his promise. I wonder why he made that promise when he also paid some money for hunting at the same time. Yeah, it's a holiday season and the deers are moving, but that's not an excuse to ditch your best friend's important moments.
I wish you a happy birthday 🎂  Keep your head up, wallet fat and cock hard!
Thanks, I appreciate your kind words :') I'm treated as the black sheep of the family. My family gets abrasive when I do not follow all of their "advise" for my life, such as "stay working in the factory," while discouraging me from getting my Masters Degree. I get severely depressed when around them, because I can never please them.
Thanks for the birthday wishes! Yeah, I agree with ya!
Thanks for the birthday wishes!
You're welcome. Hope you'll be able to find better friends someday.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kukmp4/has_there_ever_been_a_celebrity_who_spoke/

Jesus Christ
My boy Newton.
Roughly 1% of the population watches the Bachelor franchise of shows and they more than occasionally have a virgin contestant in the mix.  If 99% of the population don't care and won't watch for free, I'm not sure that's a "celebrity" or not.  OTOH if discussed heavily on a prime time nationwide legacy TV network show counts as celebrity, then yeah sure.  To paraphrase what I've seen of the treatment of Bachelor franchise contestants across a couple seasons, its the usual double standard where whatever a 10/10 does is perfectly OK regardless what they're doing.
adriana lima was a virgin until she was 25
The only ones that speak out are ones that have outside reasons for being virgins (religion, wanting to wait for the right guy/girl, focused on work etc) and even then those people have had dates, exes, etc.   There has not been someone to admit that they are involuntarily celibate.
Britney Spears
Lolo Jones
AC Green
https://cafemom.com/entertainment/177618-celebrities_who_remained_virgins_marriage/120342-carrie_underwood  Think most/all of them are virgins by choice, though
Tim Tebow was pretty open about his virginity while playing football through college and even in the NFL. Smoking hot wife now though
Didn’t the Jonas brothers have a big thing about virginity when they were younger?
Are there even virgin non-teenager celebrities??? Wut
😂😂😂can I get an amen
Supposedly Tesla was celibate as well.
What is the show about?
I'm 24 F so this kind of makes me feel better 😅
Yeah it's pretty clear to me now.
She was lying though according to her mom.
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuurrrrreeeee
Wow, her story is actually interesting.  As soon as she said that she doesn't put out until marriage, dating became harder than training for the olympics, despite her being an professional and popular athlete and all that.  The world is honestly really fucking dishonest about the importance of sex.
ew, fucking creep
Well, the wikipedia article is one perspective, but IRL the purpose of the show is wanna be "instagram influencers" act like dramatic lunatics on a rom-com reality tv dating show.  They get famous by insta standards and in exchange the network gets some people to watch the highly edited drama.  The show had a weird run of many years of being entirely white folks other than tokenism, and in recent years they've been on this woke run of PoC only need apply.  From memory they very strongly push interracial and limited age-play (like cast a 40-something MILF and a 19 year old guy) but have not (yet) pushed bi or trans or interspecies relationships.  Maybe next year, they're very progressive.
One man or woman (it alternates every season) dating like 30 of their preferred gender, lol. They go on dates, have cocktail parties, etc. and eliminate a certain amount of the dating pool each episode. At the end of the season they propose or get proposed to (depending on gender) by the last person left, but it’s pretty rare that those relationships end up lasting long-term.
And according to Fred Durst.  Note:  If you want to claim you're a virgin, don't sleep with the frontman of Limp Bizkit and expect him to keep quiet about it.
y            i             k             e              s
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kucmon/last_night_i_had_a_vivid_dream_about_getting/
This was bad. I never have erotic dreams, but last night I dreamt about losing my virginity with a girl from work and it felt so real! I could remember all the details. When I woke up I thought my life had changed forever! I thought I found a girl and I thought I finally had something to look forward to. Then I remembered it was all a dream.   I only had a few moments before I realized it all happened in my head. To think that this is how normal people feel all the time... Well, maybe not all the time, but often. It was so wonderful.   I'm not particularly bothered by being alone, but man, today is tough. For a few moments life was different. It was great. Then it was all taken away. Now it's back to the same shit.  Being trolled by my own brain, that's a new low.
I had a similar dream with a crush but a couple days after, she got together with a guy I knew who's a dick :(
I dreamed my crush looked at me once moin dream is clearly superior ya git
Your brain's not trolling you! Your brain wants to show you what it could be like!   Your brain wants you use that as motivation.   Dreams only come true when you make them!
She massaging his cock with her tongue, practicing for when she's with you!
Haha yay...... 🥲
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kuj9ob/had_a_dream_about_a_girl_i_once_went_out_with/
When I was 15 I went out with a girl at least three leagues above me, I have no idea why she chose me and she was the one who approached me first. I was too socially anxious to really develop a relationship and we cut off after a month of awkward interactions. I'm about to turn 18 now and last night had a dream that I was just walking with her around Town and being in bliss. Sad boy hours :(
You're barely 18 and a woman actually approached you. You were pretty close. Closer than a lot of us here. I'm sure you'll do fine my guy, good luck.
Thanks man :)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kueqm4/i_dont_understand_anything_anymore/
Did I like them or not? Was it all just because of my paranoia? What happened? Where did all my time go? Wasn't I surrounded by nice people all along? I don't get it. It was me, wasn't it? I broke it all.  I destroyed my life.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ku26oi/anyone_else_use_to_and_still_pretend_to_have/
I used to sometimes tell my mom I'm going to hang out with someone, even though in reality that person wanted nothing to do with me, then just wander around the city alone until enough time had passed so that I could return home and pretend I had fun...   Now I live alone but I still tell my mom that I have friends, even though I don't :/ She might already guess the truth though, since I never give any details about visiting friends and such.
Spent prom night back in high school sitting alone in my car on the edge of town wearing a suit lel. My kindle was the best purchase I ever made.
No, my parents finally got a clue years ago that I can function fully on my own due to how self sufficient and insular I am.  No, it’s the people who I have worked for and with, who don’t know a thing about me that tell me how I’m going to go on a kill spree because I’m a homebody.  Me a mass killer? I don’t even like to fish let alone killing people.
Yeah I still occasionally do that, I'll say I'm heading out to meet so and so but really I'm just going to go on a random walk. I just don't really want to explain that I'm not talking to them anymore and all that stuff.
No
When I was a kid I think I had the opposite problem as you.  My mom seemed to actively sabotage any attempts at friendships and then try to turn me into something she could protect.   My mom passed away of cancer when I was 12 but I think the damage to my self esteem was already done and set the stage for the rest of my life where I always felt like I need someone to protect me from anything even remotely uncomfortable.  Now even at 30 I don't even have the social skills to make friends that last.  The only friends I have are the ones that I had when I was a kid that my mom didn't manage to run off.  That leaves me with 2 friends.
They don't care
I know the feeling all too well..
No. Several years ago they even asked if I have any friends. That was like before my 20's. Then I already said I don't have any. So they fully know I'm a loner. Now 28 and sometimes when I see them they even make fun of it. So at least I'm some sort of entertainment if nothing else.
If it was for prom, didn't your parents want to know who your date was, or want to see photos?
They never asked about photos. Probably helped that none of us had smartphones back then. I never told them much about my classmates so it's not like knowing "her" name would have helped anything. I made clear that it wasn't something I was comfortable talking about. Maybe they knew, maybe they thought I just wasn't comfortable talking about hooking up with my prom date afterward. What mattered was that it took the pressure off me when I really needed it gone.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ku8ccf/anybody_else_find_it_hard_to_even_attempt_doing/
I wonder why am I.. like this. It's like my brain wired backwards
Yea i feel you. I want to make and posy music everywhere, but I seem to have a mental block or im lowkey self sabotaging myself. I think the answer for myself is to try and remove the validation and the desire of wanting a good response, remove all expectations and post... but easier said then done 😔
What are some things you want to do?
Yep. I even quit gaming recently & I loved Tekken but...I just didn't care to play anymore.
Yes! That's exactly how I feel!
Get a job where im not underpaid, move out, get a date, come out and live life normally, post my art and many more
:(
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktqzo3/going_30f_never_had_a_boyfriend_sad_but_keeping/
I think I'm sad about not being with someone but also cause I'm not able to do things that are important for me. And in this pandemic you're more restricted. I still pray to keep hope. Just wanted to share.
38.. single since birth
30 M I've never had a girlfriend so I know the sad and lonely feeling too.
Same!!! I’m also 30F you’re not alone!
[deleted]
36 M. I don't think it'll work with anyone. I need to learn if I'm ok with that or not.
30 M here in the same boat.  For me dating is extremely logistically complicated with my disability.
Yeah the pandemic really does intensifies the loneliness, being restricted brings upon this cloud that you will forever be alone with no chance of ever getting out of it because you don't have access to other people.
26 here and also never had someone.
I really wish there was a drug that could shut off boredom and the desire for companionship and human contact while still allowing you to lead a relatively normal life otherwise
30 M same here with me
30 F, same situation. After trying to come out off my shell the pandemic shoved me right back in and it's not good for me.
35, had quite a few. I don't think it's going to work out with anyone.
You ain't alone.  38, still single.
Hell I couldn’t keep a significant other no matter what gender they are
48M I had success once in my life, but it's been 20 years. Sometimes i'm okay with it and sometimes i'm going out of mind as the world passes me by.
Well! Keep the hope. You're a female so if you can make yourself good looking, will be easier to guys approach you.   If the guys are not approaching, if you see someone you're interested try to give some signals. But you need to go out to places where u can see people, with the pandemic this part is difficult, but you can create an Instagram with cute picture of yourself, im sure some guy will reply to your statuses. So you can interact with.   I keep the hope. Me 29M started dating in 2019. I was a complete LOSER. And I changed myself, that part wasn't easy at all, forcing myself to do things I was afraid of freaked the hell out of me.  Now I've been in quite a few dates, everything got easier when I changed myself and my way of thinking. Never is too late. I never had a serious relationship yet. But I got an "almost relationship" recently. I m a guy so I have to put way more effort to make a girl interested in me, and I still being able to do it.  You can send me a DM if you want someone to talk.  Take care!!
People keep telling me “one day a girl will come by who will love you” well I’ve been looking for her for a long time and have put in a lot into it but I’m still a nobody
Same, 32F I'm an obese person of color with severe trust issues and mobility issues
it's better that way
No matter your gender if you’re alone right now it’s hard. I empathise with OP.   This won’t last forever! In the meantime, do things that you enjoy if you can. Walking, exercise, reading. Time on phones is never good.  You can think about all the stuff you can do when we get our freedom back; how you want your life to look, whom you want to associate with (clubs, sports etc) which might help you find someone. Social proof really helps!  Keep the faith, prioritise your happiness and you’ll be fine.
I’m 18 and I’ve already given up.  80% of relationships end anyway and 50% of married couples end up divorced.  What’s the point of all that effort
I’m 25 M and not a virgin and have had some girlfriends but the truth is I’m just too fuckin weird and mentally ill for anything substantial
Are you ugly? That may be the reason why you are lonely.
I thought only men went through this. That sucks, I'm sorry.  I've also never had a GF so I know the feeling of wanting someone to be there for you, a friend, a partner, but being alone. Kinda sad.  I'm gotten laid but it does nothing for me.   Now it's even harder to meet people because of Covid
[removed]
Meet guys at church.  If you’re obese, work on losing weight but of course that depends on how you store fat as well. Generally speaking, men tend to prefer women who primarily store fat in their hips and butt more attractive compared to women who store fat in their arms, shoulders, and stomach.   So the idea is to burn off fat from your arms, shoulders, and waist giving you a more curvy look, since guys tend to find girls with wider hips more attractive relative to their waist and shoulders.
[removed]
If you want someone learn to love yourself. It's really essential.
better to stay single and work on self development until you meet someone who supports you no matter what.
[removed]
[removed]
If you want someone learn to love yourself. It's really essential.    https://reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktqzo3/_/gio4ki3/?context=1
[deleted]
>if you can make yourself good looking  Easier said than done…
Nice. I respect the progress
[removed]
The same ways a guy does.
What does that even mean?
The main problem people face with this... Is if you're ugly or unfortunate how are supposed to love yourself..
[removed]
[removed]
Loving yourself has many meanings. Loving yourself is working on yourself, bettering yourself, changing your outlook, caring about yourself. Those things make someone attractive. Complaining is a turnoff.
Same here. I joined a disabled dating group but no luck so far.
>>if you can make yourself good looking  >Easier said than done…  What??? All Ugly Betty has to do is take off her glasses...  /s
When I looked my best at 170 no one gave me a second glance this makes losing weight impossible no woman ever gave 2 shits about me
[removed]
It’s just a platitude used with lonely people
[removed]
True but others have no problems complaining.
If it is simply labeled as a "disabled dating group that is a pretty broad spectrum.  For me it's my eyesight and working memory.  This makes going on dates a logistical nightmare since I can't simply get in a car and go meet someone.  Most people once I tell them my situation they turn into ghosts.  I asked a semi famous legally blind youtuber who has a GF how does someone with severe visual problems get a girlfriend and his response was get famous.  He said he was joking about that but I really don't think he was since these types of disabilities cause us to have to have to over compensate for the issue to even be considered a viable dating option.  This usually has to be in the form of money or fame.
how i can find this group?
[removed]
No it means you must respect and love yourself or no-one else will.
Worrying about what other people can do that you cant is a waste of time. Focus on what you can do.
Indeed, there is a wide range of people in the group.   FWIW I did go on a date a few years ago with a woman who was totally fine with dating a disabled person and she didn't expect me to be rich or successful or any of those stereotypical things. People like that are rare though.
So a woman is a 5.0 or better just by being healthy weight and clean? Maybe so...
Ok but how
[removed]
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktzv3r/21m_here_university_friends_feel_more_like_work/
I'm about to finish university. On my second year I had good grades and got the chance to join a group for the best students, they give you more work to do but they also help you to get an internship and you get more opportunities than regular students so it was worth it. And now I have my group of "friends" who to be honest I don't feel like they're my friends.  Yeah we help each other and probably without them I would have failed subjects, because many times they have helped me understand stuff I didn't understand or passed me the notes the days I couldn't go to class, and vice-versa. But the relationship isn't too close. When all the class went eating lunch to celebrate the exams were over in January last year I felt awkward, like I didn't belong there. Everyone was talking easily with everyone while I didn't have much to say. Last summer they went on a road trip together and they didn't even asked me if I wanted to join. Also I'm aware they have another more "personal" whatsapp or instagram group apart from the regular one I'm in.  It makes me sad that everyone has great memories from university and there they made their best friends, while once I'll finish it I will remember it just like an extension of high school but with more assignments and exams, and friends that were more like colleagues than real friends. But I guess it's my fault for being introvert and not interesting enough.  I saw a starter pack named "being the least popular person in your friend group" starter pack that I sadly identify a lot with. Can't link it without getting my post deleted but it should be easy to find.
Jesus that starterpack is relatable. I'm in my 5th and final year of university and managed to make some 'friends' through the years, but none of them ever contact me, I know they have 1 big group chat without me and that they had parties and stuff together without me (before corona and all).
Been where you are. High school friends acted like I was a textbook. Whenever they did fun things I was never invited along.
Yes, I've experienced similar.  After college was over, I realized I didn't really have any lasting friends.  My two roommates were friends, but not close enough to stay in touch since we moved to different cities.    Was even worse once career started.  Don't think I've made any friends via work in 10+ years.  Hopefully you get a good work environment, mine was all elderly people.
My first time in uni I hated it, I had friends but similar to what you said in the post. It didn't feel real.   The second time I chose a course I liked and they were all pretty like-minded.   I know what you mean though, it can be every man for himself.
Welcome to the real world, and there is no going back!
You’re not the only one. Some people mostly focus on their school and never have much of a “social life” because they’re so focused on their school, or maybe they went to a small school and just couldn’t find their niche of people with similar interests, or maybe they’re the type that’s hard to get to know.
I had many acquaintances in the past 3 years. A handful of them I could call buddies. And only one or two are friends who stick. But now they're graduating and I still have a year left. I hope we'll keep in touch even if we are apart.
Bit tricky during WuFlu but have you tried reaching out to them to invite them to do something with you? Maybe something a little more structured until you get used to the group dynamics - [jackbox.tv](https://jackbox.tv) games, Codenames, Mario Kart, something like that. Some people are just cliqueish but I wouldn't dismiss this as a lost cause just yet.
[deleted]
You guys are lucky to get "friends" ....I couldn't even make classroom acquaintances.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktwzfj/my_happiness_is_no_ones_priorityand_i_hate_it/
No one has any obligation to make me feel good, unless it’s a transactional exchange where they get something out of it too.   Since there’s nobody out there assigned to actually caring about me, I have to do it myself; and it’s never the same as having someone who is legitimately looking after your needs.  After I became an adult and left my parent’s house, no one has prioritized my needs above theirs. It’s an isolating and awful feeling, knowing that there’s no one to catch you if you fall, or help you during your darkest moments.
I get that feeling sometimes. People aren’t mean to you, they just don’t really care. And for some reason that feels awful too. I’m willing to care for other people, and I have stuff to offer. It depresses me that I can’t find anyone
I think you might be overly empathic - you care about others’ feelings so you expect everyone else to do the same. Do you feel bad about yourself whever you do something a little selfish just for your own happiness?  I have a hard time prioritizing myself as well because when I think about it, do I really deserve a raise over some of my hard working colleagues? Do I really deserve a girlfriend when I couldn’t even cook her a decent meal? At least when someone feels sorry for me it makes sense because they see me as I see myself; an unworthy loser that couldn’t do anything without help from others.  I’ve exaggerated the above a little but it’s how I’ll live my life unless I constantly try to course correct towards giving myself a little credit and to go for what I want sometimes regardless of whether or not I feel like I deserve it. It’s counter intuitive to us, but people will even respect you more if you tell them “no” every now and then.
I hear motivational speakers say only we are responsible for our own happiness all the time and it just pisses me the fuck off.  I get that everyone else is just looking out for themselves first and foremost but when I'm noticeably upset or depressed people just avoid me.
My happyiness should never be anyone's priority because I don't deserve it.
yea I feel similar. ofc nobody owes me anything, but I can't help but still desire someone to actually give a shit
Even before walking dead, ever since I was like 6, I always liked imagining myself in zombie scenarios and who would I try to group up with or how will I survive.  After college, I hit a certain age, where every time I imagined a zombie scenario in my head, every additional woman or child served as a giant liability that only added additional ways I could die, and every dude served as a potential back stabber or wildcard, and I realized the best way to survive a zombie apocalypse is by yourself.  And I felt that my zombie fantasies mirrored my real life, when I was happy and young, the best survival plan seemed to be finding other people, after being alone for so long, I can only imagine other people slowing me down or betraying me.
Your happiness should be your priority. Everybody trying to survive in this cruel world. There are people who are trying to give to the less fortunate but the idea is the same. Give away only the surplus. If you were them, would you give out more of yourself than you can share?
Come on man ..Even you prioritize your own needs over others..it’s the adult world bro.. everything in life is transactional in one way or another....it is what it is
children are, to most parents, property and/or merely an extension of themselves. i have seen my mother look 'lovingly' on me or my siblings, but the look on her face was one of arrogance and power. as if to say, 'look upon me, world and weep, for i am a god, i have made THIS! muahahaha!'  parents suck so hard. so hard.
Grow up
Not more, but some people derive happiness from service, especially when there are just returns and honor and reciprocity. They help people they like
That’s my point. Being cared for is still something that a lot of us want/need, but there’s really no system in place that ensures this need is met.   We can’t stop ourselves from wanting to be cared for and attended to, even if we’re not “entitled” to it. I still want someone to love me and do things for me and care about my life.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktst1y/how_many_of_you_were_abused_and_or_bullied/
I was both abused and bullied emotionally and it kinda fucks you up long term my mom alway's screamed at me that she hated my hair when she was brushing it and she also would also call me idiot,loser,asshole etc.... my dad would say my nose is big that my skin is too dark he always look disapointed that I did not look like his ideal daughter and would compare me to my prettier classmates and speaking of classmates fuck them all they called me ugly,stupid,gross,nasty play all these stupid games/pranks on me. So yeah it really messes you up I don't leave the house except for work switched school online and am friendless.
Yeah bullying ruined my life when I was 13. Everyone in my class called me names sometimes beat me. Insulted me exc. My father was cruel when I was a kid. Always find me no good enough exc. Now he changed btw he is the best person in my life. Whatever.
For my entire childhood, from age 5 through 14 I was bullied every single day and when I went home my dad never believed me
I got the package deal!
[deleted]
I was sexually abused when I was 11, that shit really fucked me up,   I mostly isolated myself all the time after it happened, I did not want to be with anyone at all, I became very lonely and deppresed and I feel worthless, broken and unlovable  The main reason I'm FA is because of my abuse, that shit left me broken
Me. Feels even worse when you know there's no justice. I know I shouldn't be expecting it, but yeah.
Abused? No  Bullied? Absolutely.   I was the short impulsive kid with aspergers growing up so you might as well have painted a target on my back. I got bullied pretty bad in 8th grade, a part of that reason was because I was so impulsive and kids that age are rude as hell.    My senior year, I got bullied sometimes but it didn’t bother me as bad. Most of those rude black kids who gave me shit are in jail now, one for assaulting his pregnant girlfriend.
Bullied from the day I started school to the day I left. It does so much damage and is rarely challenged by those who could stop it. When you look different you've already lost.
Bullied and singled out all through school and then later emotionally abused and manipulated through work and some at home the whole way through, including physical abuse by my father.  It stinks but we learn and grow from it.
I was never bullied and was pretty well liked in high school. I just had extremely bad depression for no reason, and my dad didn't believe in depression. This lead to me hating myself for being sad for no reason. I understand mental illness now, but the self- hatred lingers, and likely will remain until the day I die.
Both and I’m ugly
Absolutely not. Never any bullying of any sort. The people in my life have always been supportive of me. I don't even have mental illness.  It's just the fact that I am short, fat and ugly so no one wants me. Alas, it was not to be.
It started in like second grade and lasted till 10th grade, I had like two friends and everybody was against me. My class teacher from 7th to 9th grade didn't even care about me being bullied. She protected everybody who was picking on me and if I spoke up she would punish me. I had to change (my personality and behavior) because it was just one person who needed to change rather than a whole class, beCAuSe oNE iS SMalLeR tHaN tWEnTY but they just could have stopped but no, they didn't stop. I was an outsider all the time, didn't play with the other kids from my class and was always harassed and mistreated just because I was smart and different.
I was severely bullied when I showed interest in a girl back in high school. Pretty much everyday was hell until I graduated. I was poor so my parents were not willing to move me to a different school due to distance. When I came to college, not much harassment but people would not work with me when there are group projects. I was always left out and I was still isolated and no friends. I joined the military after and I was also bullied by my peers. Even more so when I got myself promoted to a higher rank. I had no support from anyone since my leadership somehow did not like me. I left and got treated like crap again at my first job out. Boss would yell at me and call me slow. He also allowed my colleagues to insult me. I left after less than 8 months and I found a better job with respectful colleagues.  I just read a study that severe bullying can affect brain function. I also don't know why people always try to play their little power/dominance games with me. It always boils down to people trying to assert power over others.
Yes, I was bullied mercilessly as a kid and yet...I am forced to admit that I brought it on myself, I acted the fool and it had terrible consequences for me until I finally just became a total recluse and avoided social gatherings.
I have been bullied regularly and abused. I kinda was easy prey due to being very sensitive.  I had experiences with violence, but I do not have flashbacks from these, however, I have flashbacks almost daily from situations in which I was (often physically) humiliated, even most of these sitaution are have happened over 15+ or even 20+ years ago.  It sounds terrible what hapened to you.  My parants were also unsupportive and they sometimes even raged when I was bad in school and so I never talked with them about the bullying that happened.  I can relate to the pain you had to endure, but I don't know what to do about it or what I could say to you that could help you.
I was first bullied when I was 7 and it continued all the way up to senior year in high school. I was a special needs student, complete with personal aide, so I was an easy target and never made any friends.  Fortunately, I had parents who would always make sure those kids paid the price for their bullying. But that actually further ostracized me amongst my peers.
28 and still emotionally abused by my mom (especially now since I'm making my own money and am about to move away from her).  Gaslighted to think that everything bad was/is my fault and how grateful I should be and whatever and since grew up on an isolated farm, I didn't even know how other families are, so I never picked up that my family is actually broken and blamed myself for everything.  I was also bullied in school so I hated it there too. It also didn't help that the only girl who was ever really nice to me killed herself.
Yeah, without going into too much detail, I've been through that stuff. I k ow it affected me because I remember these instances almost daily.
Well, I don't consider myself as being bullied both physically and emotionally while I was in school or at home. Like, I have met some assholes, but I didn't let them put me down like that. My parents weren't the best growing up, and they still aren't today. It took me a while, but I managed to learn how to discern the good and the bad. It was especially difficult for me because I was an obedient child. Being a rebel made me feel like a bad guy, but I needed to grow up and make my own choices in life.  I completely understand what you mean about your parents talking down on you, and then praising other kids by saying other children look beautiful and so smart at school. My parents never praised me or encouraged me at all. It was toxic. I realize early on that I am intelligent and I look good because during school some girls throughout the years wanted to be my girlfriend and I didn't care. I had to take a hard look in the mirror and decided that I am fucking handsome, lol. Might not be the guy that every girl is chasing after, but I am pretty sexy and I continue to work on myself a little bit here and there. I am happy with where I am at today, but it could have been even better if I grew up with proper parenting.  But it's not all bad from this tragedy. Now you know the right way and the wrong way to be a parent if or when you have kids. "What doesn't kill you makes you stronger." It's true. You don't realize how strong you have became from dealing with all the negative things in your life until you fully embrace yourself. What other people say about you is one thing, but how you feel about yourself is another thing. In the end, what they say don't really matter. Love yourself and understand your worth. Take responsibility for your own life. Even if you're a mess and without friends right now, you have to continue moving forward the best way that you can.
Sexual abuse from a family friend when I was 12, pretty much bullied my whole life.
Bullied by classmates, beaten by teachers with metal ruller, tied down beaten by mom all my childhood life
yeah bulllying is the worst sorry you went through that man
>I don't tend to "let people in" because I grew so used to being alone that I'm not used to people being interested in my life or having close bonds with people - no matter how hard I try I can't seem to change.  This one hit home for me. Years later, had only one relationship that burned me into the fucking ground and still can't change what's fundamentally apart of me now I guess.
fuck man im so sorry I had a friend who was molested and Ive seen how bad it fucks people up and who ever did that to you deserves a severe punishment that all I gotta say.
I know i wish karma would hit my bullies soo bad one day
Same here my mom would just be like your sad because your a teen like no teens don't have suicidal thought's and be depressed all day
>I just read a study that severe bullying can affect brain function.  Trauma does that as well. And iirc severe trauma does not just create new neuron pathways, but also changes the shape of your brain.
You did not deserve to be bullied at all dude
Gee wtf did the teacher that did that get into legal trouble atleast and im sorry that happended to you that is awful
Thanks. There is something that makes me feel worse. All of those my bullies are happy now. There is no such a thing as karma. They are happy with their gfs friends. Some of them really rich. And I have to live my lonely miserable sad life. This world is a terrible place.
Yeah unfortunately that happened over a decade ago and I am very close to this person and I really don't want to deal with any issues from that so I'm gonna keep it to myself
It won't. One thing I've realised is that people who seek power and get it, do so at the cost of other people, who have to live through the aftermath. From the caste system, where upper castes committed atrocities for millennia, the British who screwed up colonies, and to the bullies who screw up our lives, they get on with it, with no justice to be expected.
No, but logic says that you don’t go up to a lion and start making faces at it either, I could not have prevented it entirely but I could have limited it by keeping my head down and my mouth shut, sadly I did neither till it was too late.
Where i from, beating children for get them to study is very common. No one bats eyes caz everyone doing it.
God thats the same problem I have the people who bullied me and the other children are all attractive and have the nicest things and go to the coolest place's it's fucked up and some of them are on the student concuil and advocating things like be nice to everyone like wtf your a bully
Yeah. It is terrible I know. All bullies won I was a loser still a loser and I will die as a loser. They are winners.
Exactly. So life lesson learned: Never be a pushover. Be a bully.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktt7gm/how_do_you_go_from_being_friendly_with_someone_to/
Honestly, i have no fucking clue and at this point i will probably never learn it. Too late for that. So unless at some point someone initiates everything i will stay in this friendly and nice state forever. I always assume there is no romantic element to any interaction so i never do anything and even if i wanted to i wouldnt know what.  Maybe i'm also very stupid but i honestly cannot remember any woman ever giving me any signals, so i naturally start to see myself as a neutral being. At 29 i don't think that'll ever change.
I've never been able to pull this off myself so take this with a fat grain of salt, but my college roommate (who was previously much more anxious about being FA than I ever was) did. The progression was something like this  1. Meet cute friend of a friend in a group setting 2. Interact in a group for a while (going to soccer games and cookouts, that sort of thing). Get to know each other. Start to really like her. 3. Get her number. Offer to drive her to one of said group hangouts. How else would you know where to pick her up for your group hangouts without her number? ;) 4. Become increasingly inseparable from her within the group - always sit next to her, leave when she leaves, drive her home, etc. Text her regularly and have all sorts of fun conversations with her. Add her on snapchat and send her snaps regularly. 5. Get a little more physical with her. Lots of hugs and that sort of thing. Still more or less platonic, just...clearly very close and affectionate. 6. Sleep over at her place, have her sleep over at yours, sleep together in a tent somewhere, etc. (no, I don't mean this as a euphemism for sexual intercourse) after a long day of having fun together. Cook breakfast together. 7. You kiss her somewhere in here but be careful to keep that away from the prying eyes of your roommate. You do, however, admit to this when plied with alcohol. 8. One of you opens the define-the-relationship conversation since you're clearly acting as BF and GF and it's better to make sure everyone has the same expectations 9. Politely ask your roommate to sleep with a friend for the night because after several weeks of your sharing your bed with your GF that idiot still hasn't gotten the message and is apparently perfectly able to fall asleep next to the two of you 10. Get a dog and an apartment together after a couple of years 11. Make all your friends wonder why you haven't proposed to her yet when it's obvious to everyone that y'all are going to get married
There isn't that much to learn there. From what I've seen, the easiest way for people to do that is asking the friend out. It sucks, cuz you have to risk a lot, but that's kinda how it is.  At least I've seen it work in several cases
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯   1.Be attractive   2. Don't be unnattractive
No clue, I need to get to friendship level first.
its playing code breaker but i breake the enigma code sooner then the code of love
from everything i've heard from platitudinous advice, it's legitimately impossible  "do not get to know her with the intention of being friends first or that's the only thing she'll see you as bro, you gotta cold approach every single time bro"
As a woman, the best advice I can give is at some point, compliment her on her appearance in a (polite!) way that demonstrates attraction on your end and see how she responds. Generally, if a man says I have beautiful eyes or hair, he's interested and I can tell. Or if you're feeling bold tell her she looks sexy in a particular outfit.
[deleted]
When a woman is attracted to you, ask her out. If you're having trouble determining if that's the case, do a little research into how women demonstrate attraction.
Do you know if this was an intentional progression? Because up until #6 it seems kinda manipulative. Doesn't seem like something you could intentionally replicate
Interesting point. However in my experience, when i ask one of my male friends who met their girlfriends through friends like that they never asked them out or gotten asked out. "It just sort of happened" is basically what it boils down to. Of course you could get "set up" by a Friend. That however never happened to me. The question is: What is that "sort of happened"?
I like how there's a shitton of long complicated answers yet this one is the shortest, simplest, to the point, and most accurate.
At least we know what we are looking for with an enigma code. In romance there are so many implicit rules that no one can ever explain to you because it is learned at an early stage and can never be recreated.
> compliment her on her appearance in a (polite!) way that demonstrates attraction on your end and see how she responds.   Tried that. Nothing came of it except a short thank you. I know what that means, i'm not dumb.  > Generally, if a man says I have beautiful eyes or hair, he's interested and I can tell.  That doesn't mean there is any reciprocation.  > Or if you're feeling bold tell her she looks sexy in a particular outfit.  Thats just straight up sexual harassment
> Grab a female friend  I only have male friends  > or acquaintance  That would be innapropriate  > even a subreddit  What?  > just focus on trying to get them  What does that even mean?   EDIT: Why delete your comment?
Not sure I follow. I know the two of them didn't know each other until they were introduced by a friend but I don't really know if she planned this, if he did, or if it just happened spontaneously this way. 3 and 5 are very much under your control. 4 and 6 much depend on her reciprocating on 3 and 5, admittedly. You're still SOL if she just plain doesn't like you. If I had a solution to that I wouldn't be posting here lol
Oh, I'm afraid our friends' experiences are different then. I sadly have no idea how "sort of happened" looks like either :<  For example my high school friends were just friends through the first year, and sometime at the end, one asked if the other wants to be more than friends, and the other agreed. My brain cannot really imagine it working in any other way
Sometimes it means they kissed and/or hooked up on a night out and then started dating
>most accurate  Because it's true. Women will not date unattractive guy only to find out if there is possibility that the relationship will not be just platonic. Of course you don't have to be immediately attractive to someone the moment they see you but you still need to be "not ugly".
That's where the "see how she responds" part comes in. It's not a fool-proof way to make her fancy you
> Not sure I follow  I mean if your friend set this up intentionally to make her his Girlfriend many of your points seem manipulative and intrusive.  > I don't really know if she planned this  If that was the case then it doesnt really matter what exactly he did.  > if it just happened spontaneously this way  Thats what i mean with this post. What "just happened". The outward appearance of progression seems quite clear, but inbetween are steps that are implicit and never told.
> one asked if the other wants to be more than friends  Do you know which one? Because in my experience this most often  works if the girl already had feelings. A friend of mine tried something similar and she basically stopped being friends with him because she felt weird about knowing her Friend had these feelings for her. She didnt "Friendzone" him or was mean, but it was obvious that after that she started to avoid him.
I think you mean like what is the game theory internal process of something like #4 WRT normies saying "it just happened"  The it in #4 is natural complement each other they're both happier together than apart like peanut butter and jelly.  Its not a secret plot its just a zillion small interactions back and forth where they simply laugh more together than when they're apart.  Like discovering how their personalities and senses of humor and interests are compatible and better with each other.  Its like compound interest applied to relationships, each interaction (and they'll be many) is like 0.5% better than the last as they get to know each other.  The normies get all hand wavy about "just happening" because there's usually no goal or finish line they just get infinitely closer.  You know Zeno's paradox from philosophy?  You can get big argue about halfway this and technically never reach the finish line and all that nonsense but normies will short circuit Zeno's paradox with "eh they reached the finish line eventually it just happened".  Sometimes in Hollywood or rarely in reality there's "that instant" where they fall in love but its usually not like that for most people.  Maybe people who aren't very introspective might be surprised to suddenly notice they've been in love awhile not even sure when it happened.
>I mean if your friend set this up intentionally to make her his Girlfriend many of your points seem manipulative and intrusive.  That's how it works, unfortunately. My parents got together because my dad changed his work schedule so he could get "the prettiest single woman in my department" to be his supervisor. If you want to get to know someone, you have to make it happen. The universe won't (or at least rarely does) drop these things into your lap. That's not to say you should force things if she's not enjoying it - and that's a very tough line to tow and something I still have severe issues with - but if you're posting here you don't have the option not to use every tool at your disposal. If you want to get to know someone, you have to arrange things to that you spend time with that person. This is true of platonic relationships as well. Is it manipulative? Sure, but she also had the option to say no at every stage. Clearly she didn't mind getting driven everywhere or she would have.
I'm afraid I dunno, but I would bet it was the boy. He seems like the more confident one and I would be very surprised if I was wrong.  That's the very sad risk tho, losing the friendship. Especialy when you don't have many friends and just can't afford to lose them just like that. I wish I knew if there were any romantic signals in my friends' cases, but I can only see what I see, which isn't that much.
> but I can only see what I see, which isn't that much.  Thats kind of the problem isn't it? I also never saw much. I guess it is how it is. Thanks for your comments.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kty0kz/all_that_i_want_is_just_a_percentage_of_a/
And that is affection. That's all I crave .
Yeah it is a bummer that it is this all or nothing thing. Like 0, 0, 0 day after day
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktqqor/do_you_still_feel_you_are_always_alone_even_when/
Even when you have friends, you always feel like you get the short end of the stick, be it real life or online. No one talks to you, no one initiates a conversation with you, and when you initiate or join the conversation, they stopped talking and it looks like you killed the conversation.   When I do hang out with people, I always feel like I am the 3rd wheel type of guy and somehow ends up at the back of the pack, looking at the rest having fun.   It looks like I am never meant to be apart of any friend groups in my life. Nothing is working in my life at all. Getting ignored by others, girls hated me for some reason, got mental illnesses due to traumatic past events, I look like donkey's ass. Then again, it is better to be alone than get myself in this shit.
yep this post is very relatable
I wouldn’t know. I don’t have friends, IRL or online.
Yeah, it gets even worse as you get older and they all start the 9-5 grind, getting engaged and married, and moving away.
This is so damn relatable. There are people "around me" but they don't really invite me to things. When I am around they treat me friendly but that's it. I moved to this country almost 3 years ago and I still don't have someone to reach out in my time of need, especially in this time. Maybe it sounds silly but I especially feel this when I'm in a nice place all alone and then I think "I wish there was a friend next to me to take a picture of me here". Heh.
Can relate mate :(
Yeah all the time
In a similar boat to you. Ive gotten used to being that kind of peripheral group member that no one particularly likes nor dislikes, though I tend to be funny asf. Women engage me way less than any other guy too, and none are ever interested enough to actually keep a conversation going so fuck it, I really should just entrench myself in the FA mindset.
Yes, that's why I cut those "friends" out of my life and just focused on myself.
Sometimes.  Depending on the situation I can also feel ignored or left out when I'm with friends which stinks but can't really change unless I begin dominating the conversation.
Same for me
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ku4f67/ventthoughts_happy_late_birthday_to_me/
Just celebrated another birthday earlier this week which means another year I've spent hanging out here. Honestly, it's hard to swallow that I've been posting for four or five years now and nothing has really changed on this front despite all sorts of life changes and improvements. In any case, I've done an annual birthday post/year-in-review for the past few years like a couple of others around here.  Like many others, covid pretty much killed any sort of social potential this year. (Of course the couple attractive people I know are absolutely killing it on the dating apps.) My roommates in our rented house all bailed in the spring so I went home to my parents where I've been working remote ever since.  On the FA front, I met a girl who was a friend of a friend and we went out a few times in the spring before covid distancing began. It didn't work out but we talked again for a bit in the fall and I managed to gain a good amount of insight from her about my predicament that seems applicable to some here. I always suspected that my general vibe is off and she confirmed that saying I'm not really personable up front. Despite that, she grew to like my personality once she took the time to actually get to know me. Similarly, I had suspected this and she agreed that my personality was quite unique and would not be naturally compatible with many girls dating-wise. I suspect these are some of the issues for many of us here.  In any case, things aren't looking good for 2021 FA-wise. Probably can't go out for the first half of the year and dating apps never worked for me. Even then, like I learned, my first impressions aren't the greatest which is antithetical to the dating scene today. It's just frustrating that I can't even see a pathway to escaping FA even without covid being in the way. For those of you who follow college football, it feels like being one of those teams that are eliminated from the championship before the season even begins. You can win every game and do everything right and end up with a participation trophy and not even a chance to prove yourself or win it all.  I've gone out with coworkers and friends the past few years pre-covid and everyone just stays in their little circles and no one really meets new people. I go to sporting events and play pickup sports and talk to randos, but those are obviously male-dominated and I've never made anything more than acquaintances. Friends of friends seems like the way to go, but I don't have that many friends anymore and a lot of them have dispersed across the country which doesn't help. If anything happens this year, I can only attribute that to an exorbitant amount of luck, something I've never had in the dating realm.  Thanks for reading this. Sometimes I just need to get some thoughts off my chest on another birthday alone and we all know the first rule of FA. I know it'll be especially difficult to escape FA this year, but I hope everyone manages to at least do a couple things that bring them joy. Cheers to another year FA, together! 🍻🍻
happy birthday :)
Yea, covid is really a bummer on social life.  I hope it gets better for you in the future.  Maybe after Covid is over, there might be more people eager to meet new people, after being isolated for so long.    Its good that you're dating at least, pre-Covid.  I know it might seem hopeless, but at least that's a huge step.    Cheers to a hopefully better 2021
Happy b day brother
They weren't dates since she wasn't ever really interested, but it was nice getting a girl's perspective for once. One of my resolutions is to go to on my first date this year post-covid so hopefully I stumble on a little luck. Cheers!
Thanks dude 🥂
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktttv5/i_will_ask_out_my_crush/
*I am 22 and have never had a girlfriend. I also have no game and never ask girls out in person.*  I am tired of being made to feel like I can never approach a girl because they look unapproachable or want little contact from ugly guys.  This girl has made it pretty clear how she feels in some respect indirectly but never completely directly so when I get the chance I’m gonna ask her out and tell her how I feel  She is also not currently single so I maybe waiting a while so for now I am distancing and working on myself but in the meantime hopefully to provide some motivation I will update the results on this post in the future. Best believe I’m making sure I’ve done all I can even if I feel invisible to her disliked or miserable around her. I have nothing to lose at this point.  •• Quick Update: I didn’t expect the response so I’ll just make some certain points a little clearer (just so you guys understand).  I have zero intention of asking her out or (relentlessly) at least thinking about her while she’s currently in this newish relationship.  I do talk to other girls and flirt with other girls regularly, like you’ve proven, it’s more fun and uplifts my mood and energy and I enjoy it (when and if it happens)   I just feel like this is business I must do for myself as a first step to get rid of fantasy and start doing things in real life. I think I do really like her so if my chance is there I’ll take it and try and initiate something. In the mean time, I’ll continue meeting new girls, tinder, etc until I see otherwise that the relationship they’re in ends. And if worst comes to worst, I’ll update in a few months if it looks like it’s not going to happen. So you are welcome to bookmark the post to check that out in the future if you want. Thanks guys again I appreciate your endless support 🙏 ••   ••
If she's dating someone then, you should move on to another girl. She could be with this guy forever.
When you say that she has indirectly made it pretty clear how she feels, does that mean that you think she likes you, or doesn’t like you?  Because if it’s the second, don’t set yourself up for failure, man ... and definitely don’t ask her out while she’s dating someone.
> I’m gonna ask her out and tell her how I feel  Outside of Hollywood and some TV comedies that never works.  Like make a pact with yourself in the future not to judge feels for a girl until AFTER your first date with her.  You simply do not know her, the actual her.  Even if by some miracle she says "yes" you've already fallen in love with some imaginary other person who is not her.    Its nice that you like her first impression, but that isn't her, any more than all you are is your own first impression.  I'm not sure I'd want a chick that falls in love with my first impression rather than with my real full self.  > She is also not currently single so I maybe waiting a while so for now I am distancing and working on myself  She is not currently single so you should be talking to other girls.  Like today, online if necessary or whatever.  Like go on that discord bar videoconference group and talk to one of the girls this hour if necessary just so you're talking to a different girl.  I mean, its good that you're working on yourself, that's always good all the time even if you're dating a girl or married to one someday.  But talk to other girls, like immediately is not too soon.  You need to get used to paying attention to other girls not "your GF who's actually some other dude's GF".  Some girls "signals" are extremely weak and you need to be tuned in, head in the game, paying attention to that girl who always seems to end up next to you at that place you visit, or that girl who always seems to be looking at you constantly, or that girl who seems ridiculously interested and over the top entertained by everything you say.  Something girls do that is NOT a signal is dating some other dude.  I don't know how to helpfully provide stronger advice that you have to ignore the girl who's dating the other guy, that is not a signal for you, and you need to pay very close attention to your surroundings and that girl who always twirls her hair but only when she talks to you.  When some chick touches your arm when she talks to you and only touches your arm and not other dudes you SO do not want to be daydreaming about some other guy's GF or you're going to miss the signals.  Pay attention to your surroundings bro; you need to pay attention.  If you're daydreaming about some imaginary girl who doesn't actually exist and/or daydreaming about some guy's girlfriend you're gonna miss the girls who are actually interested in you.  Do not be distracted by some other dude's GF.  Now is exactly the time to be paying attention to the other girls.  Bad analogy time:  You cannot go deer hunting and trout fishing at the same time with the same gear.  You need to be 100% focused on the other girls right now because one of them is likely sending some kind of signal and you're gonna miss it if you're daydreaming extra hard about some other dude's girl.  I been there and done that and kick myself for what I did, and I advise you now, so you don't have to kick yourself in the future.  Save yourself some future regret.  Best of luck with this in 2021 and I got a feeling you're gonna make it.  Not with some other dude's GF, I mean with some new girl, maybe the one you talk to tonight after reading this.  You got this; pay attention to your surroundings and do not daydream and get yourself in the habit of paying 100% attention to other girls starting tonight, like five minutes from now.  You can focus and pay attention and you're gonna see that signal when its there, now go for it.
Go for it, let us know how it works out. In all honesty, I know it stinks to feel like your wasting your time asking out women who will say no, but the more you ask the more likely you will get a yes. Keep at it don't give up or back down, hopefully she's the one I'm rooting for you:)
> *I also have no game*   yet\*
If shes attracted to a certain type of guy and you aren't that, then there is your answer. Waiting on this relationship to end is a waste of time for yourself and she isn't going to come around to you. She's very clearly not interested or else she would have given you obvious signals.   For your sake, please focus on other ladies and move on from seeking anything romantic from her.
While you should indeed not ask out someone in a relationship, I think even just the mental exercise of thinking “Fuck it, I’ll ask her out if she’s ever single again” is a good step towards building confidence.   I’ve always hated the advice of “fake it till you make it” because it’s not that easy but there is a tiny core of truth to it; if you can ‘reprogram’ yourself to think more confidently (even if you never actually act that way) it can have positive effects.
The only hope I have is basing it off her history of all of them being cheats suggesting that maybe she attracts them
I understand what you’re saying. But my mind feels like a maze. The only way I can stop thinking about something is having it right in front of my face. Whether that’s being told something or having it. For example, I wanted a new car, couldn’t stop thinking about every detail for weeks. Bought it, now I never think about it. Regardless if she rejects me; I need that weight off my shoulders. So what I’m saying is, I’m expecting the failure; because I feel like I win either way. I’ve made the start in talking to girls for dates in real life; and I’ve cleared the air with her so she knows my exact truthful intentions, and I can move on freely without having to feel the weight of wondering what if. I’m not the type to be a player. So I really wouldn’t give a shit if she decided to “settle down” with me either. As long as it’s out of genuine attraction and not last resort. Not sure if I should mention that when I come to ask her out *if* I get that chance of course. But I appreciate what you’re saying for sure especially in the future. It’s just this specific girl reminds me of someone I loved deeply in feelings for four years or more in school. The only way I moved on was the second my foot stepped out of those gates. But I can’t leave work. This is how my brain works. It’s not the same for everyone; just the way it is for me. So.
Thanks. It’s just she’s not single at the mo I was going to update and I have to wait and try and distance myself for now :(
I’m not saying you are not right. But I feel like the only way I can heal quicker and lift the weight off is if eventually I get the chance to talk to her. If I don’t, then that’s fine too it’ll just take longer. As it always has been that way when moving on.
Because I don’t say anything to people I like.
I love how it's a women's fault if she's cheated on. It's totally cool for a guy to cheat, no problem. It's the stupid women's fault for attracting them in the first place, right? Maybe don't date at all if you have such toxic views.
Well I wish you luck then; I hope everything works out.
Sorry dude. Been through the same recently :((
Same I have a crush on someone who is taken as well, except there's no way those two will separate. She's the perfect woman I been looking for, and of course she has to be taken. I guess easier said than done would be to just move on. Also if you truly love her and she stays in a relationship, the best thing is to see her happy and with someone who will care for her. Good luck
And I’m saying this on the history that all her previous have cheated and this is from a guys perspective who has hung around them and known of their behaviour, and had to keep quiet about it and not say anything to the girl? You understand any of what that’s like no?
Yeah it’s just my resentment can sometimes show when men have cheated on her in the past and then I can’t see her being happy with anyone else. It feels selfish that I think this way and I’m not saying I would at all be her “best option” or best scenario especially if she doesn’t want me but I’m going to give it time and see because it’s still very early days and I think she didn’t expect this guy so who knows. It just hurts when I was trying so hard now she knows I actively avoid sitting with her and only occasionally say hello. It’s so frustrating when they know you will be hurting and still make it hard for you to heal.
I feel ya man. It's not selfish at all, you can't stop love, it just happens. I remember my friends trying to set me up with girls I just never felt a connection until I met this girl atwork and I can't keep my mind off her. So it really hurts that you have this connection and she has to.be taken. If you want to ever vent I'm an open book.
Exactly. That’s why I don’t believe in meeting people you have no feelings for. I’ll just be thinking how much longer I have to be there. But somewhere where that feeling hits right in my stomach? I’ll never want to leave them and I’m always smiling and laughing and giddy uncontrollably. It’s so frustrating that she notices that lol
Lol same I feel like my girl also notices, I mean I hope not but I can't help my emotions :/
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktq5gj/alone_because_of_my_shtty_personality/
I was nothing but an obstacle in people's life. I only made things worse for them and myself. All the time people were being kind to me due to their own kindess, not because I actually deserved it. I'm a NEET, I have no education, I have no friends, I have nothing and I actively dislike being myself. And the worst part is, that with all that I essentially became what I despised the most. A failed person.  It wouldn't have bothered me if people wouldn't have spent much time with me, as long as I knew that I never did anything to hurt anyone. Each one of my memories drains me to no end, because I don't have even just one where I don't dislike myself. I made people's life worse long term. And if I didn't, then they already moved on from me, and I'm still the same pathetic child that I always had been. I'm tired on relying on people's good natures, despite being so irritating myself. I can't live with that pressure anymore. Where has my life gone anyways? It feels like I've been running in circles for the last 10 years or so. Back then it felt like things would never change, but the truth was that I just made bad choices, lacked foresight and patience.  I can't accept that I will be alone now. Not like this. This is too painful.
Boarderline personality disorder
[deleted]
Yeah, I figured that out a while ago.
And then what?
Determine what aspects of your life that you can improve.  You mentioned not having an education.  Maybe try to get one.  If not that then look for some other aspect of your life that needs to be improved that you can work on.  Try not to be scared off from making a change.  If something seems like a big challenge, keep breaking the challenge down into smaller more manageable steps then complete those steps.
[deleted]
Hard to say if living is pain, or if being myself is pain. Ironically, I regret not isolating myself sooner.
[deleted]
Don't know about that. I think I would have a slightly better life if I had made better choices, so it's not like I was destined for being this way.
[deleted]
Well, if I had the choice I'd rather be miserable and empty while also having a stable income an friends. So, there is always room for improvement, despite nihilism.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktjh8e/i_live_for_work_its_all_i_have/
And oddly, at the moment I'm fine with that. I have a place, a purpose, a duty to fulfill and people who rely on me. I'm good at what I do and constantly strives to improve myself, learn more and get better. I get positive feedback all the time about my work. I belong somewhere here. Also at least I get a little social interaction.  Anyone else share these feelings?
Being needed/depended on is a fundamental requirement for most people. We're not getting that from relationships, so work fills the void.  Count yourself lucky in that regard OP, many people end up in thankless jobs where they are treated like shit no matter how much effort they put forth.
Yep, I can relate. My one friend doesn't understand why I get so upset about work stuff (if I feel like I'm not doing a good job). He doesn't understand THAT'S ALL I HAVE!
Yup, work gives me structure and goals and money of course. Plus I have a couple coworkers who I talk to on a daily basis which is nice.
Its the same for me. That’s why I hate the weekends. I have nothing aside from work.
You're lucky. I had an industrial accident some years ago leaving me on sticks and with severely buggered nerves. I'm house bound around 90% of the time. Must be nice to have something to focus on.
No, going to my job makes me anxiety ridden, which causes my homicidal/suicidal ideation, This didn’t happen at my old job... but I can’t go back to that one
No, work sucks imo but I have a learning disability that's very pervasive and makes it hard to be good at any job.
Do you mind sharing what it is you do? Only if you feel comfortable divulging that
same here  for me all life is work, from making music, art, engineering, contributing to society etc  i recommend you to read Denial of Death
Same here. However, I do focus on accumulating material things to keep myself going these days. I want to own my own house someday. Socially at work though, I mostly keep to myself after people seem to try and get me fired at my past employers.
Yeah I got the same feeling with college/university. Really messed me up when it fell online due to Corona. I'll miss the days when I just sat in a lecture with my friends and we would hang out at the cafeteria or library.
I wish I had that at least.  Minimum wage. Colleagues that talk behind my back. Put a bullet through my brain...
If I didn't have a job, I would probably be dead. I literally do nothing else.
I enjoy work and for the last year or so I feel like it's all I have too. I work for as long as I can in the day and then come home to an empty house. Then I basically count down the hours until I can go back.   There's one girl there that I am obsessed with and love talking to and spending time with so I hate days away from her
I understand the feeling.
Acquire currency.
Nope, I imagine if I liked my job or earned enough to have my own place then I would feel the way you do though....
Maybe I would too, if I actually liked my job.
Like in retail 🤬
Mine to because of lack of appreciation / complete and total depression working their toxic management. You name it.
But I’m always afraid to leave because of the loneliness that follows
Retail makes me want to KMS but it'd be my only solution for independence.
I’m quitting my job today, going back to school full time
How old are you and what are you going to study?
24, I want to study English and teach esl
Oh my cousin who has a degree in History also went back to school 4 years ago(at age 27) to study English teaching and she's so happy now. I wish you the same!
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktpflh/just_workout_bro/
You know how most people just tell you to workout or whatever? I mentioned on another subreddit that I could bench over 225 and yet I'm still single. Their response basically was that "Girls don't like meatheads, stop spending time in the gym". The amount of mental gymnastics some people use to justify their worldview is an actual meme. They ignore the fact that attractive misogynists can get into relationships, yet it's our "attitude" that's holding us back.
Jeez, I could maybe bench half that if the moon and stars were all aligned in the right position. That means I'm all set right?  A lot of the advice you get may well be generic and unhelpful. People just assume that if you're struggling to find a relationship it must be body confidence related issues. The best advice I get is from people who actually know me at a personal level or at least ask about specifics first.
This is the problem with saying things like, “Girls like ...”. All girls don’t like anything.  Some girls like one thing, and some girls like another.  Generalizations will always get you into trouble.
You'll learn quickly that nobody can really advise you. Anybody who was not FA at least as long as you have been will not be able to understand you at all. It would be like asking a dance major for help on your chemistry exam, the best they can do is give generic advice like 'study' or 'don't stress'. Anyone who is still FA obviously doesn't have the answer, and the people that escaped almost universally chalk it up to luck. You can increase your odds, even if only slightly, by following all the generic advice, but there is no single thing you can do to fix FA.  These people are not trying to be hypocrites, they literally cannot comprehend our situation so they regurgitate whatever platitudes they've heard in an effort to help.
It's basically gaslighting.  Your lived experiences are too politically problematic.  The truth about how attraction works would threaten a lot of businesses' profits, plus it would become much harder for certain women out there to take advantage of naive guys (free stuff/favors, dinner date scams, beta provider marriages, etc, etc), and lastly, a lot of feminists feel threatened because a significant portion of guys who know the truth genuinely *hate* women for it instead of just accepting that this is how it is.
I worked out hardcore religiously for a year, talking 6 days a week, every week, and not one girl ever even noticed my hard work.
The issue with the attractive misogynists line is that its simply an anecdote and an extreme one. Its like a poor person complaining about the fleet of Jets that Bezos has. Some people can get away with things and thats life. Bringing them up isn't helping your situation, what was that about justifying ones own worldview?   It should go without saying that working out by itself is not usually the only thing. For those that are extremely obese, it will likely benefit them a lot more. Personally, working out should be for your personal health above anything else. Working out is my de-stressor and I feel better knowing I'm reducing the chances of preventable diseases such as hypertension, heart disease, diabetes and more. Dating prospects tend to come as a side advantage out of that
I squat 270. Nothing crazy but I do ok with the  ladies. Ignore those guys. Da hell does the gym have to do with it?
As soon as someone uses the word bro I stop reading their advice
Man from what ive read from the comments you doomed yourself pretty hard. First, i dont like that advice myself too but "go to gym bro" refers to get in shape. Which means hypertrophy training, getting leaner and nice looking big muscles. As you didnt mention your physique but rather how much you bench i assume youre a powerlifter guy. Girls dont care if you can move heavy weights around. You go bench the world, its just a number for women. Second, you seem to be obsessed with looks. i myself obsessed with it too but i kinda accept that looks isnt that important when it comes for romantic relations. It is important for online dating i agree however things are much more complicated than that. i know people who is short and ugly, yet dates girls. They are truly colorful people. Sure they dont date with supermodels but if you are not that good looking and your standards are no below than 8/10 then you have no right to complain do you.
Thats not the point of working out.
Girls like me just for looks but other than that nothing else.
Workout and still single af at 20s. But remember to workout for yourself dude
The people who know me well don't even try to give me advice. They seem to know that I'm socially adjusted and all that, and the only thing that's holding me back is my face. If you're ugly enough + short and ethnic, people won't even bother questioning why you're single.
If that's the case, why do only 20 percent of men do well in online dating? The fact is, most women want the top 20 percent, and everything else is settling. In fact, they'd rather be a hookup for these top 20% of men until they decide to settle for a relationship when their looks start fading. This comment isn't meant to attack women, it's just human nature. Men would do the exact same if they could, but power dynamics in relationships don't work that way. As a result, if you're not in the top 20% of men, you're basically screwed.
No, the problem with generalizations is they apply to the general population, not to outliers.
Yeah, girls definitely don't like tall, hot and rich men.
Based. If you actually posted this anywhere else though you'd get downvoted into oblivion sadly.
I feel I do hate women because of how shitty they have been treating me.
If you're short + ugly it doesn't matter lmao. Welcome to the club.
Depends on your goals I guess. I want to get as strong as possible, and while I might not get diabetes or anything, I'll probably wear down my joints in the long run. But I don't really care, because I can't see myself living past 40 anyways. Also literally everyone that's close to me knows that it's not my personality, and they don't question why I'm single based off of my face. Also, in regard to the attractive misogynists comment, It's because one needs to often provide an extreme example in order for a normie to see a disparity. My real point is, a lot of these people of average attractiveness or higher don't have exceptional personalities, and actually often have bad ones. Even having a good personality as an ugly dude often doesn't mean much sadly.
Uh... because that's the most commonly offered advice? No offense, but genuinely wondering if you read my post.
Lmao, you think I don't know? I wouldn't have had the dedication to get to where I am in the gym otherwise. I lift because I want to do powerlifting in the future. I'm just pointing out the hypocrisy of these people, who probably can't even bench their own bodyweight, yet are trying to give people advice about getting fit or whatever.
That's better than having no girls lmao. Girls use everyone for something dude, you should get over that fact. Trust me, looks is probably the best thing, because it's pretty hard to lose compared to money or even muscles. Doesn't matter if I bench 405 one day, girls won't like me and I've been trying to accept that fact.
As I said in another comment, I wouldn't be this strong if I didn't workout for myself. Also join the club man.
Snap - I've straight been told I was one of the ugliest people in my school year by a so called friend, short, ethnic and you can add skinny. I haven't experienced what you have though and I have been given unsolicited dating advice and also pro-actively asked for it from people I trust.
Online dating is the worst thing to ever happen to ‘romance’. It’s terrible for both women and men alike - I’ve been seeing the same women on Tinder for years and years; I’m sure they’ve been drowning in matches for the entire time but that amount of choice messes with them as much as having no choice at all messes with ours.  I once changed my matching settings to ‘worldwide’ on OKcupid and in a few days I had 1000+ likes (almost exclusively women in Asia). Mind you, I never get any in my own area. At first I was thrilled but after the first 100 it all blends together and it becomes a catalogue where you can just pick all the attributes you’re looking for. I deleted my account shortly after because it felt dehumanizing.   Dating sites have an incentive to keep you single because people in happy relationships don’t pay money for them.
I can say the same thing for men.  So many women who are not ‘hot’ are ignored on dating sites, because men only want the tall, slim blondes with huge boobs.  What’s worse is that a lot of men will sleep with these girls anyway, knowing full well they don’t want a relationship, just because they want to get off.  This is NOT a women-only thing.  Both sides do it.
That question wasn't geared towards you personally. It was general.   From what I'm picking up, maybe it is your attitude. Good luck.
> I'm just pointing out the hypocrisy of these people  The average american male is medically obese and weak.  "On average" the best advice for FA is always going to be "hit the gym".  The problem is FA has numerous causes and being overweight and weak looking is not going to help someone with anxiety disorders or depression.  Well... exercise often helps people with anxiety or depression but you know what I mean.  The fact that maybe 20% of americans and 20% of FA are anecdotally not fat yet are FA does not magically prove that exercise is bad advice; after all 80% of americans are fatties who will benefit from exercise.  Hypocrisy would be if it was a revealed religious doctrine at the Church of Iron that God said benching results in babes, and they were telling you to bench without actually exercising themselves.  The situation is not like that at all.  I feel the need to point out that gyms in urban coastal left wing type areas are hyper antisocial and people will absolutely scream and hate if you try to socialize at the gym.  In more civilized areas, socializing at the gym is pretty normal and I find its a lot of fun.  As with many social/cultural situations, if you find yourself living in Hell, you can move...
It's not hypocrisy. It's just not a magic switch as you took their meaning. Hitting the gym does help in many regards. But thats just it. It helps. Nothing more. Just like anything. What this thread sounds more like to me is you saying "I practiced my pencil sketching like you said. Why am I not a great painter?" The sketching ability is important but only a part of the skills used for the finished work.  Other news grats on that 225 bench dude :) I started powerlifting in mid 2019. Buckled down late 2019 and got myself to 160 before lockdown. Got up to 370 deadlift too :D but since lockdown I've been doing pretty much just dumbbell and resistance band stuff. I built a lot more muscle size because of that but I'm guessing when I get back to powerlifting I'll have to take it easy and work my way back up before I can start working for 400 lol
Sure haha
You're probably not as ugly as me then lmao.
False. Only the top 20% of men are actually attractive enough to do this, as they have an abundance of options. A lot of shorter, uglier men try and settle with a girl about as attractive as they are or lower, just to get exploited as simps or turn bitter once they find out the truth.
From the way you phrased it, it sounded like you were asking me. Also squats are important for a symmetrical and healthy body, but women mostly just care about a strong upper body, which is achieved through stuff like the bench press, overhead press, and deadlift. Not sure why squats would increase the attractiveness of your body to women. Anyways, body is still so much lower on the totem pole of importance than people make it out to be, with the top being face followed by height.
That's kinda my point though. They make it sound like a magic switch when it really isn't, so basically they're feeding out not very useful advice strictly in the context of dating.  Also 370 dead is pretty good dude! I pulled 375 conventional at 155 bodyweight a few months back. My sumo is probably in the 385-390 range but I haven't tested it yet.
I have to do squats because I race track on a bicycle. It's a part of my training. I'm not doing it to attract women. I have to do it to win races.   Dude you sound like you have all of this figured out, so why are you having issues?
In my experience they do only if you're looking at it from a different perspective. When it's given by someone that hasn't spent time thinking about the context of foreveralone it assumes that certain other qualities or knowledge is already met or that the person already knows of the other things in order to succeed and there is something impeding them or they just need a push over the edge. Its more a miscommunication of needs between the two parties (isn't it always lol). Fa side doesn't know what they need because if they did they wouldn't need it. And the normie side doesn't know the need because they always had it for most people. It's also incredibly nebulous and vague and difficult and there is survivor bias and strawmen on both sides lol I don't blame either side for not understanding the other because unless you devote a LOT of time and thought to it and have either been on both sides or are empathetic enough to make that leap and still spend the time thinking and learning about it there just isn't a way to explain it really. I've come down to treating it like a DnD Stat check. Everyone has different bonuses and negatives. Anyone can roll a twenty. And anyone can roll low over and over again. Some people have it easier or harder and there are things you can do to add bonuses to the rolls. Even with bonuses you can still roll a 1. And then you also have to make the Stat check more often or roll more often to have a higher likelihood of succeeding on a roll.   And thanks man :) I was about the same weight for my 370 actually lol I've gained 10 pounds of muscle while lifting in quarantine so I think I can push it after I build my strength back up for it. What program do you do? I do 5/3/1 for powerlifting. We gotta hit that 400 mark! I've never tried sumo though.
Because I was born with shit tier genetics like a lot of people on this sub. I have friends who started the gym around the same time as me, yet they're taller and aren't ugly. And guess what? They're surrounded by women. Also it's not my personality either, I often exactly act the same way that they do. Society and capitalism benefit too much from making ugly people think that they can look better through self improvement by selling them products, so no one bothers to address the problem. Any other questions?
I'm currently running Candito's 6 week. Definitely  recommend sumo, especially if you're a shorter dude. I started off conventional as well actually.
I'm sure it's not your genetics. I have buddies that can pull ass 7 days a week, and they are not attractive. Shit, one of them is 5'5. Look, women can pick up on negativity and inner anger. No matter how hard you try to hide it. Try to think more positive. I think you are giving negative vibes off, and they see/feel it. Usually they tie that in with sexual frustration and start to wonder why. You ever wonder why girls are really attracted to guys that already have girls? Because they see that you have something that another girl wants.   I hope you take what I said as help/advice. Not criticism.
Yeah I've heard sumo can help people push passed once they start plateaus. I'm average height. I'll have to look into that one :) haven't heard of it
Pretty sure that you're exaggerating. And if they are, they're probably not as ugly as you think they are. There might be hope for the median 50%, but try being short+ethnic+ugly with bad hair and you're essentially fucked. Also I 100% guarantee you that I do not give off negative vibes, I'm a much different person IRL.
Another good way to push past plateaus is doing some sort of variation such as deficit, pause, and rack pulls. And sounds good man, hope it helps.
I'm not exaggerating man. They do have awesome personalities though. One of them is the funniest dude I have ever met so far.   I'm ethnic, and 5'11(so I'm not tall). I'm not sure if I'm ugly (maybe I am), and I do ok. How is your hair "bad"? If it's really curly, try doing neat dreadlocks. It helps hair management.
" I have buddies that can pull ass 7 days a week, and they are not attractive.."  Is one sentence you're trying to say that your attractive biddies are not attractive. Can you make up your mind?
Dude, physically they aren't attractive. The have good personality. You don't have to necessarily be physically attractive to get women. Plus, not all women are going to like you. You(meaning people in general) may not be the type they want, or you may be physically attractive but have a fucked up character. You gotta play your strengths.   I don't understand why if someone chooses not co-miserate in this sub, they'll get berrated and picked apart. I was simply trying to offer some insight from my own life experiences. YMMV
And how exactly saying that they have good personalities helps us, huh? Cause if you haven't noticed we on this subreddit have no looks and personality
Seriously?!!? Look, you have to play your strengths. If you're funny, own it. If you're witty, own it. If you're a nerd, own it. If you're fat, own it(as long as you are healthy without complications). Find hobbies that place you around similar individuals. For example, if you're a gamer, and you're brain is very strategical, find a local group to game with. Social interaction helps you find out how you interact with others. Also, if you are in a group, and you are good at whatever it is you do, you will be noticed. I am into cycling, which started as a hobby. I am not Cat 1(pro) but I'm am one of the faster guys in my current level. Why? Keeping score of how well I'm doing vs my opponents. I'm not fast because I say I am. I'm considered fast because I'm faster than the guys I'm racing in my category.  If you don't have looks, you have to focus on personality and character. You can enhance your looks, but genetics always win. So if someone is physically "ugly", they focus on interaction and personality (although sometimes a bad personality coupled with good looks can make a person ugly as well).
I see that those who are full can never understand the hungry
I had to go and make the money to buy the groceries. Then learn how to cook.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktlyct/i_just_want_to_be_thought_of_and_be_someones/
Why is it that no one thinks of me as a potential opition. It's like I'm the invisible man doomed to walk earth alone forever without anyone to love or care or even acknowledge my existence what's the point of living if no even notices u when your alive they wont notice if I'm dead
Same. It's so frustrating having so much love to give and no one to give it to.
Fact is virtually nobody gets their first choice.
https://youtu.be/zbbTdaO8lk0
I know how u feel! But they told me that to think positive and don’t let this get in the way..   Ur a handsome young man.. and u r noticeable man.
Exactly I know that if I was given the chance to be someones boyfriend that they would be so happy and spoiled lol because that's what I do for those I love it's too bad no one will find that out
[deleted]
It's such a sucky position to be in. Where do you live? I've decided that my town is not good for dating, I need to move.
What are your demands for the return on the relationship?
True
Aberdeen South Dakota and where. U at
Ah, you should think about branching out too. I'm in Los Angeles. It's not great. No one wants a real relationship here.
I see can I pm u
Of course you can
Excellent I send you one
I responded :)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktoo12/my_therapist_told_me_i_have_a_very_black_and/
Story time. My mother joined the Seventh day adventist (SDA) Church when I was young and me and my siblings were "asked" to join as she felt it aligned more with her religious beliefs. I went "willingly" untill my early twenties then stopped. She was a good mom and stuff but I never felt she made the effort to build an emotional home. I feel like the amount of work she put in came at a cost of her own happiness which made her have very little emotional patience, including the churches out on life which seemed very judgemental.   I could speak to my dad about some emotionally things  but he was still a man from a time when men don't wanna talk about those things. He passed away in my late twenties so I have felt severely emotionally lonely since then. I've noticed whenever I like a girl I tend to over share my feels and thoughts as I feel I've been deprived of that throughout my child hood.   As I get older I'm beginning to see why suicide is something men look to as a means of escape regardless of the people around them. The pressure of work, margate, kids, wife and communal statis.   The friends I have will slowly fade with time but I wish my parents made more of an effort to build and sustain that emotional home. I may have the good job, and domestic duites in my belt but if I don't have the ability to love someone then why live at all.
Black and white? So yes and no?
Most things are black and white. The laws of the universe are black and white.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktge9q/just_be_yourself_bro/
"Just be yourself bro"  Barely any eye contact, monotone voice, wierd body language, get tired of talking really quick then stop talking, don't say anything in groups beacuse nothing comes to mind, and only like topics no one else likes.  "You've gotta work on your personality bro"  :| OK guess Ill force myself into a staring contest, try to force some intonation, consciously control as much body language as possible, use every technique I can think of to increase energy, force myself to say stuff in groups, and talk about basically nothing like everyone else. But now I hate socializing? ooof.  So I get lonely, but when I talk to someone, I usually wish I didn't? How am I supposed to make friends or a find a partner if I dont even enjoy socializing anymore xd? As a kid I could get away with "being myself" but now it seems impossible. Think Im gonna stay KHHV forever fml.
“Just be yourself bro”.....like that’s worked for me for the last 29 years !
Probably not going to help anyone but I was told by a really nice popular friend I had in HS that when people say “just be yourself” in terms of dating advice what is mostly meant is “be the *best version* of yourself”  Meaning I guess when you actually try to make good conversation and try to look good and be personable and inject yourself into the moment.   To me these two phrases are vastly different and carry a different meaning. The first is shitty super attractive person advice and the second I believe has actually helped me to some extent. I’m not perfect but it puts it into perspective on how to act when I’m in social settings.
"Just be yourself until society deems it unacceptable, then make changes to become someone else."
Well said, same here
Hey same, I have really off putting body language, especially when I’m tired. It’s very tiring to try to act more normal.
What other advice would you want people to give you?  Sometimes you need to force yourself to do stuff to make a difference.
Yeah It does feel like that sometimes. What sort of stuff do you like anyway?
I've been blessed by the friends Ive made through groups, clubs, and through video game tournaments, since they had so much in common with me that conversation becomes easy even for someone like me.
Bread and butter statement that is fr
My best version of myself still wouldn't be good enough. But I think that more nuanced version could help some Fa.
>“be the best version of yourself”  I've seen this said before on reddit and I have problems with it. For instance would the "best version of yourself" be heavily personal? Like I don't think the best version of myself would try to look good and inject himself in the moment.  The best version of myself would still probably be basically a hermit, wouldn't have too put effort into looking good, and would just be maybe better at making good conversation . In fact the best version of my self would just be rich.  Now to be fair if the best version of yourself is: >"when you actually try to make good conversation and try to look good and be personable and inject yourself into the moment."  Then there isn't anything wrong with that. But I don't think everyone want to be an out going, socialite.
Maybe the advice that allowed those who jump in and out of relationships every day of the week and twice on a Sunday while the rest of us spend 20+ more years single... maybe that..
Everyone wants to be social to an extent. If people here didn’t this sub wouldn’t exist because everyone would just wither away at home alone and be fine with it.   Even if this advice helps someone to post more here about struggles or reach out for friends here that’s a win fr.
Some people just have the personality or looks to be able to do that themselves, therefore being themselves works for them. People don't owe you anything so I don't understand why OP gets upset when told to be themselves.  Honestly most people in this sub just feel sorry for themselves and expect too much. Sorry if that seems too harsh
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktosai/trying_every_possible_way_to_completely_avoid/
At work there’s a position I’m in where I can barely avoid crossing paths with someone because to get to the staff room I have to pass her.  I’ve had to literally use a different route to get upstairs now which works a lot more and I feel a lot better   This is how important that any kind of eventual situation where you bump into them you literally have to go ridiculous lengths so you don’t have to think about them
Used to do this in college. I guess it was extreme shyness/disgust in myself.
I can really relate to this. It's been much easier since we've gone to remote work but I recently got assigned to work on some projects with her
Why do you do that? Because you don't like them / they don't like you or because you're terrified by any potential interaction? I mean i can understand, i have the same kind of avoidant tendencies.
They don’t like me so it hurts every time I bump into them
This is me now.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/gallery/kt12sk

Man I don’t know what was happening in your third photo but you need to take more with that same energy. Third photo screams attractive. You’re a good looking dude and you seem to be in good shape, I honestly have no idea why you’re getting no matches.
1. Pic. Bad angle, no smile 2. Pic: Screams "Hello darkness my old friend" 3. Pic: very good pic 4. Pic: no Smile  If i were you i would include a Pic about something you are passionate about. Thats the only Chance you have to realy show who you are.
That third picture should be your main photo, I'd get rid of the 1st one though it makes you look like marv from home alone. Also, you are very attractive, so dont give up
You are attractive enough tho. Also nice style, gonna steal that
Organic photos taken by or with other people having a good time are so much better, the third pic is someone people would like to be around. If you really have to rely on selfies, try to make it one where you're not the sole focus, something with some scenery or anything slightly interesting.
You look miserable. If you smiled more or at least posted pictures where you don’t look like you’re about to cry, I think you’d have better luck.
Just a general PSA, ditch the selfie for online dating. Front cams distort a lot more and are generally much worse quality especially on cheaper phones.
The third photo is the best you've got, there you look really good, happy and well turned out. The others you like near psychotic, either your about to stab somebody or you already have and need advice about what to do with the body.  Get your image back to the third one and you'll see a difference.
Third photo is great. All the others need to go. Less is more.   But tinder is notoriously shallow. Consider a better platform.   See r/seduction for the best tips   Gaming on Tinder is gaming on hard mode unless you're super hot. I have great luck in person. Terrible luck on Tinder.
(IMO) you'd look far more attractive with short hair. You have some good features.
You look a bit like Ginger Baker in the first two.
cut the 1st picture out entirely. bad lighting, makes you look like you havent slept in 10 years, or you just finished a 3 day meth bender.  2nd picture... same thing although its less bad then the first.  3rd pic is fantastic, use more of those.  4th is meh.  Honestly, the more pictures you use of you doing something and being natural, vs just staring into the camera, will find you success.  you look like an attractive guy OP, so i wouldn't let this get you down
Your first two pictures are bad because you don't have any life in your expression. Also, in your first pic the camera is angled up toward you. The camera should always be level or above you. This makes you come across as less threatening on a subconscious level. Also, you need other people in your pictures to get you some social proof that you are capable of having a friend and don't kill people, etc. Sounds ridiculous, but this is how women think when they are swiping.
Little tip, never never take photos from below, looking up at you. It's not flattering and you even look a bit intimidating. Also, smile! The one photo where you're smiling makes you look so much more approachable and easygoing than in the other photos. :)
Isn't Tinder mostly men?
Higher angle and better lighting with someone else taking the photo will do you wonders
Pic 3 is really good but it’s obviously pretty tough to get lots pictures like these because they’re usually taken by other people when we least expect it. Unless your out doing things loads then you probably won’t have too many like it or be able to get more.  Online dating is super tough anyway unless your very attractive or live in a really big city to help put some more odds in your favour. I’ve never been successful on dating apps at all which didn’t surprise me as I’m not good looking but I also found out that my friend who is a good looking guy who has always had stunning girlfriends throughout the whole time I’ve known him also has no luck at all on dating apps !
I think a haircut/style would be the only thing you need. Your hair looks shorter in pic 3. Curly hair can be tough, usually keeping the sides short is key. I'm not knowledgeable about how to find a good stylist but maybe get a haircut/style and take more pictures from a distance
home alone
Pros: 3rd pic is solid, lead with that/take more like that, since most people look at pic #1 and skip the rest unless they see something worthwhile. 4th makes you look like Bob Ross with clinical depression. Point being you aren't a bad looking dude. Smile more, paint some happy trees, have a bit of confidence.   Cons: 1st makes you look kinda like the dude from Fargo that went through the wood chipper. Maybe bad angle, lighting, or something else; but you look a little unkempt and possibly off your meds my dude. Make that what they see on your day off when they look like shit too, and not your best foot forward. 2nd only seems like it intensifies that. Maybe stay away from that filter.  I'd say touch up your grooming a bit, you can keep your overall style, nothing wrong with that, but shape it up a bit. Like put some effort into it. Also work on some camera angles, lighting, background, and so forth.   Realistically, you aren't bad looking. Actually even look like a friend of mine that pulls women pretty consistently. Have some confidence, which is key before *anything else,* and work on the details.   You got this my dude.
Wait, so you always get matches?
I think you are good looking but just expression is gloomy. Maybe you feel down usually? I dont know. What I want to say is this is not because of your look but the energy it emits. I know pic is pic but it is the only material to guess and judge your characteristics based on. So.. I recommend smiling.
You're a handsome man. If I were you I'd keep pic 2 and 3, and add a picture with you having fun (like with a dog, doing some manual hobby or with a friend that appears more in the background) and smiling at the camera.  To give you some feedback: in picture four you look sad about something. It's okay to have that look sometimes but don't choose it to introduce yourself. Picture one is something like that but very subtle. People notice it anyway. Also you're too close to the camera and you might want to avoid having every single detail of a face in the pic, some people like clinging onto them and it's dumb. They have time to study your face, but in person. :) But picture two is a better version of the same concept, so it's alright!
Bruh. You're attractive as hell. Them ladies are crazy 😂😂
you are very handsome the world is fucked
Bro you have such a van Gogish vibe on the first two photos, I think if you just went all the way with that kind of style so many people would dig that.  That is just my personal opinion though, I mean I think that would look cool af, but can't guarantee other girls would.  Objectively though: you don't look bad at all. You're absolutely okay looking. You don't have to be worried about your looks ruining your chances with women - maybe the unreasonable, shallow ones, yes. But would you want to date these anyways?
for some reason I can only see the first photo?  You're not bad looking and have some style at least.  Just keep at it.
You look good but I agree with some other people, your photos make you look a bit sad and shy. Although the first thing I thought of was the guy who played Van Gogh on that Doctor Who episode when I saw your first picture.
You look exactly like TJ Thyne who plays Dr. Jack Hodgins on Bones!
The comments already said what I wanted to say but I would also recommend a shorter haircut
You sir need a good haircut and something to hold your curls together. You’re walking around with a gold mine on your head but it’s messy.  Otherwise you need a better profile, and be careful, online dating takes a massive swing at your ego. Keep in mind it’s an artificial environment and doesn’t represent your value.
Smile
That photo looks how I imagine Van Gogh looked just before he cut his ear off.  You are a good looking guy, but that photo does you zero favours.
Your photos need to demonstrate "value" selfies never go down well
The third picture looks the best, and to me I think it's the eyes, they're a bit "sunken" looking in the other photos, esp. first two (mostly due to poor lighting) . With the third picture A) most of the eye is obscured by the killer shades, allowing the rest of your relatively-handsome face to be more prominent and B) side profile is more flattering on you it seems. This makes the third picture look vastly different than the others.    Even with sunglasses off though, I'm sure it would look better (side profile), esp. with better lighting - first two pictures especially the lighting is poor, which is due in large part to the fact you're looking down at the camera which is often unflattering on the best of subjects. Hard to get natural-looking side profile photos, though. I don't have any that's for sure.
Vincent Van Gogh is that you?
You look like Vincent Van Goth if he had curly hair.
Literally Marc from home alone
First picture is at a bad angle but you do look dapper in that coat, the smart but casual look is cool.
Nr. 2 and 4 NEED to go. Nr. 3 is great! Nr. 1 is okay.
Third pic awesome but i think you would look even better with a different haircut
Smile more. Post pictures of you and your friends/family.
Not to sound rude and hope it doesn’t come off this way, but you should go to a convention cosplaying as Marv from Home Alone! Lots of good looking women in those places!  You’re not a bad looking dude
I reverse image searched the third pic because I felt certain that's an image cap from a movie, but no that's a legit photo there are no known matches from movies as per google.  If pic 3 is not getting you laid OP, I don't know what is wrong with the world.  Delete all the other pics and put that up and maybe girls will think they're getting catfished, that's all I can think of.  You ever see the movie "Platoon" from '86?  I thought pic 3 was a young Charlie Sheen but its not and I don't recall a scene exactly like that pic.  Or maybe a scene from "apocalypse now" from '79.  Why was Charlie Sheen cast in like all the Vietnam War movies?  I triple dog dare you OP, if that's actually you in the pic, to cosplay as Charlie Sheen from Ferris Bueller's Day Off next Halloween, covid permitting.  You'd need to grow out and straighten your hair to do it, but you could do a pretty good cosplay.  Any girl who's seen the movie would love it if you used the lines from the movie on her.  Although any girl who hasn't seen the movie would likely be Very confused...  Lets just say pic 3 has more than a passing resemblance to an 80s male sex symbol actor.  If girls aren't lining up and taking a number, there's something weird going on.  Note the differences between pics that any FA could benefit from:   1) bright light shirt in pic 3.  Bright bright bright.  Did I mention bright?  pic 3 is the only pic thats not either dark or at least backlit.  If you don't need to wear sunglasses you're taking the pic wrong.  2) somewhat tight button down shirts with collars are like male lingerie for women.  If you had long sleeve shirt and rolled the sleeves up the way women like it...  3) OP is smiling in pic 3.  Smiling is like +2 in attractiveness points.  Seriously OP WTF were you thinking in pic 2 and 4, you look like a candid cemetery photo.  4) beards look good on shirtless guys with 15% body fat and beards look good on santa claus and nobody else, sorry to say.  Don't hate the messenger, its just how it is.  Shave that thing off.  The "miami vice in the 80s 5 oclock shadow" thing in pic 3 looks pretty good.  5) Can't see the mid-length curly hair in pic 3.  Its hard to rock mid length curly hair.  Might want to consider shorter hair?  6) Notice how the lighting messes with your face around your eyes such that your face looks good in pics 2 and 3 and you look tired in pics 1 and 4.  You literally change the direction of lighting and it takes you from like 10am ready to go pic to 10 pm its been a long day and I'm tired pic.  Literally just fixing the lighting gives you like a +2 in hotness.  You can also see your face change around your eyes in pic 3 when you smile.  Light that face up, and smile into the light, OP, this goes for anyone else taking portraits.  7) Pics 1, 2 and 4 are looking up OPs nose.  Yes women are shorter on average and that's the view she's gonna get standing up.  But pic 3 looks like OP chilling at a fun street cafe physically heads on the same level.  There's nothing wrong with your nostrils OP, I'm just saying flashing nostrils never got nobody a date.  By shooting pixs aimed upwards you're literally turning your nose up at the girls of tinder...  8) Pic 1 clothes that blazer/jacket thing looks pretty nice.  Pic 2 clothes too dark pic overall too dark looks like your head chopped off (sorry OP).  Pic 3 still feel like that's a hollywood movie screencap, you look good OP.  Pic 4 nice color shirt, nice shirt, although it looks weird against the similar toned paint on the brick, you'd "pop" against unpainted brick background.  9) What do the backgrounds say about you OP?  Pic 1 says you like cloudy days in the winter, not a common female fetish.  Pic 2 says you're an amateur ghost hunter, kinda cool if bio supports it.  Pic 3 looks like maybe a candid of special forces training in latin america or maybe you're a travel guide showing girls cool street cafes.  Pic 4 looks like you're visiting a specific cemetery I know in New Orleans and if that's dox dropping OP I truly apologize but seriously OP you posted a cemetery visit photo on tinder and were surprised it didn't get any results?  I'm not saying it has to be that cemetary in N.O. but if it isn't its got that vibe of faded brick and bright flower in the background.
How old are you bro?
If it makes you feel better I think you actually look decent
This is not r/tinder but i have some suggestions. I think you are above average, and even handsome. I think it would be better if you'd: 1- add a photo with friends 2- add a photo taken during an activity you're doing (hiking, climbing, etc.) 3- and smile more  And remember that online dating is getting more competitive each day, so if you struggle to get a match, dont take it personally.
You look way better than me and I've had a GF for two years (although my few internet matches never went anywhere, met in a social group).  I think more pictures in fun situations might help, I can see the sadness in your eyes.  Internet dating is also brutal if you aren't a 9 or 10.
Pic 3 is the only one where you don’t look depressed. Try smirking.  Also, how you doin’?
Pic 3 should be your profile pic. Every other picture sucks and needs to be replaced. Try zooming out and having activity pictures.
3rd photo looks like you're model for a clothing company
You better smile a little and i think you look better with a beard just brush it sometimes or smth like that. it looks unkept in all photos but it defines the jaw nicely.
You’re not bad looking. Take more photos like your third one. Wanna know why it’s consistently your best one? Because it isn’t a selfie.  Men taking selfies have some sort of stigma behind them.   Try to have your friends take them for you.
Dawg you need to move to Bushwick Brooklyn. You’d kill out there there’s a big market for your look
Dang dude, that first pic looks like the last thing someone sees before they die, smile dude. Some basic profile pic tips are to have a picture taken from another person or at least a couple feet away, the camera needs to be level or looking down to your face. Pic 3 should be your main photo, that’s a really good one.
Get a better hair cut, better angles, show physique, face mask and have a sense of energy and fun about you, and the ladies will come swooning in
Only 1 you're smiling. You look depressed in them all. No wonder.
Top-down view > bottom-up view
you look like the guy from the movie once
1) smile  2) don’t take selfies, take a picture that doesn’t look like you took it
You look like gene wilder in these photos.
It’s likely because you look depressed and unhappy. No one wants to date a downer.
move to asia
Try to smile and be farther from the camera. Think about the angles, don’t put the phone under you; put it at eye level or slightly above. You are good looking, just need to learn camera skills a little more
I'd match, you're cute
Are you british?
You look like a normal guy to me guess you gotta lower your standards a bit .. unlucky
On the third photo you look Douglas MacArthur
They’re bad photos. The third one is good tho
Remove the last picture.
You look depressed. But I get it. When I was depresses I never saw how depressed I look in my pictures. I thought they are good looking pictures. Once you get out of it you realize how sad you look.
you are fine, with the right angles interestingly handsome
hey im 18 years old (not that it matters) and im a guy too! i love taking self portraits and doing photoshoots with my friends so i understand some basics of looking decent online (i guess) but for me personally some of your photos lack confidence and give a sense of awkward dude type of aura. i suggest dressing up more and feeling yourself! youre an attractive guy and youve got a pretty face to work with so why not use it :) those are okay photos but there's so much you can improve especially with a face like that man
The third photo is the BOMB! There is a LOT of hope for you still. You are an attractive guy. Best wishes man, get out of here soon!
second to last photo is chad
Then maybe try using proper grammar. For instance, try "My tinder photos never get any matches" and also be less whiny.
Nothing wrong with you face man, try to have the camera either eye level or tad higher instead of under it's never a flattering angle and maybe zoomed out a little . Picture with some sort of context work better I believe. It's giving an idea of what you're about / your interests (playing music, hiking, practicing whatever sport).      One group picture with friends can also be good (not the main one) it shows you're social and a good time to be around
You're good looking. I think a very short fade haircut would look good on you
As a woman I think you look above average but people avoid swiping on photos that look really depressed. I don't understand why so many guys have photos of them looking miserable.
Honestly I think you just need a haircut and to smile! You have a very strong and handsome face.
Third post I didn't know photo was being taken lol, think I was flagging someone off lol, but have paint over me from a paint bomb this little girl kept chucking at me lol
I had to take a minute to wonder whether that 3rd photo was the same person or not.
Same. If this dude is not getting anywhere I definitely should stop looking.
3rd photo is cat fish photo though.... I know it sounds harsh but its true. If the girl met him irl.....
[deleted]
Basically this.   The other photos are not very good. They’re static and you just kind of look...there.   More photos like #3 and a good bio and you should get more luck.   It was the same with me. I had bad pics and a bad bio and would get no matches. Once I switched it up I had a lot of luck (moreso on other apps tho)
I agree with this!! Also you have a nice smile so you should smile in your pics! I know it's hard to make it seem authentic in selfies. I really like your hair too!
As a woman, yes, I agree. Attractive guy, just need to switch up the pictures.
Also woman here, you just need to smile!
I have been called this every Christmas lol
Thanks
Rare im out with other people, but agree unforced is best
This. I would swipe left just because you look like a downer and depressed.
I noticed I look better when others take them
That made me chuckle
Thats true enough also probably meeting person will look different anyway lol.
Thats a new one to me i know the band cream but never thought of it lol
I apologise, it waa bad grammar on my part.
I look sad because I'm alone, its an enigma
Thanks for constructive feed back. Luckily got a pen with new phone so can hold it further away if needed. But I think smiles look better but always seem crooked on selfie of mine lol
Thankyou, and yes it is
Thanks and not really, sadly I think modern age has given a lot of people a false sense of themselves. Not always for the better, plenty of shallow women near me
Yeah the 3rd photo im with people so says a lot. And know who you mean was one of my fav programmes until current series lol
Is that a good thing lol
32 I'm getting old lol
Its a paradoxical conundrum really. I'm down because I'm single, single because I'm down. In person I'm generally more easy going, friendly but it still hasn't got me anywhere lol.
Yes I am
Isn't he a military commander lol
Interestingly handsome, il take that lol. Thanks
Thankyou, I feel more positive now from all the comments
To be honest, my grammar is normally quite good. I apologise for that abominable error.
Thankyou, usually short back and sides for me. Had it cut short before but didn't like it tbh. To most my hairs my personality lol
I think maybe on profiles just have 2. Trouble with the 3rd one i feel is if I only used that people would question it. It does look posed but was unintentional, so least people see both sides of me lol. Know what to expect.
3rd pic is very, very good. It actually looks like a still from a movie. I like the 2nd one too, though I wouldn't use it as the main pic. 1st and 4th have bad lighting and/or angles.  You're a good looking dude but have to work on your photo skills. Main advice I can give you is to not put the camera so close to your face, especially if you're using the front facing-camera on your phone. Get a cheap tripod or prop your phone against another object and use a timer. Also, don't place your camera below your face, i.e. don't look down.
Man organic photos like that always look the best. They show the real you. When someones trying to pose for a photo, sometimes it can be a little awkward and it definitely shows on their face. You’re a good looking dude imo.
The difference in the 3rd photo is obvious. You’re smiling. Just put up pics of you smiling and you’ll get more likes
Yea I stopped looking too. I’ll lose my mind if I subject myself to any more rejection. It’s tough out there.
I don’t think it’s a catfish photo, it’s just got an effect filter on it. Some people look worse in photos then irl and this might be what’s happening too him with his other three. I think if a girl only saw his third photo then met him irl she’d be happy.
Thing is as a person women like me, just assumed its my face. I just never get that sense of someone liking me which I see them give to other people. I only had 2 give me interest but were highly intoxicated so did nothing as I knew it was just the drink. And not one to take advantage
Seconded. Havent looked in over a year now. Dont even miss it tbh.
Well I'm glad I'm not the only one who thought of it haha!
The third photo is by far the best one. You are not a bad looking guy but the rest of the photos appear forced/staged. Just like the above poster said, pictures with nice scenery (travelling, mountains, train tracks or heck anywhere with a nice view) and maybe something to do with hobbies (ie/ sports, rock climbing, friends, with animals etc) would be a lot better. Furthermore, I would add more non-close up pictures (showing off your face AND torso) where someone else is taking the picture for you. I would recommend getting a female friend (or any person you are semi close with) opinion as well before updating your profile.
It's your mistake to assume shit just by looking at photos. Profile pics serve to give you an idea of what the person looks like and nothing else.
Sure. But there are also  better sites than tinder for average looking dudes .
Hope you find someone who can appreciate and love you soon. Just don't give up. Good luck!
Men are just as shallow if not more so. Human beings are all like that in general. I'm not saying that to be mean or rude, I just hope that if you start smiling in your pictures and get a date, you don't ruin it by making statements like that.
Yes. I think he's cute, anyways! I'd swipe right on you lol
Take more of that 3rd photo
He is, and just like him, you look badass in those glasses
Dude, I'm just teasing. Maybe you could smile in one of the pictures. Perhaps include friends, family, and an interesting background in a couple of the profile pics. It's literally a "formula" for dating profiles, lol.
>I don’t think it’s a catfish photo,  He's got his eyes hidden behind the shades... He's decent looking but his eye area is bad - hollow sunken eyes give his neutral face a tired and depressed look (he looks like an old person in the first photo). Smiling works but some cosmetic treatments (fillers?) could be also helpful. [https://imgur.com/a/QzMuHnY](https://imgur.com/a/QzMuHnY)
[deleted]
I've been called screech, gene wilder, art garfunkel, leo sayer to name a few
Is indeed but most charge a lot for your misery. Or spambots thinking you got a message to just be ghosted lol. I laugh but kills me inside
Least I know I'd get one match haha
Not really, only ones who already in a relationship say if they were single they'd date me. One even said when she first met me she thought I was weird but getting to know me thinks I am a sound funny guy.
Gene wilder is a complement !
I use POF and have had really good luck. It's free.
Well, you'd have to swipe right too. Maybe I'm not cute lol
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktmq7o/i_hate_waking_up_alone_21_m/
It’s always been the same routine. Dating site, match talk and they lose interest. Over and over and over. It’s always been this way, every single goddamn time I try to put myself out there I’m just ignored. It hurts, I feel like I’m being torn apart. My last meaningful relationship ended in disaster and it’s affected everyone. I guess nobody wants to have anything to do with me now. It’s been this way for years. Being alone, trying to better myself and failing and giving up. Over and over and over. I honestly can’t take this anymore. I’ve taken breaks from dating, I’ve tried to talk to friends  but my previous relationship screwed that over. I get so worked up at night that I have panic attacks due to my PTSD, my girlfriend used to help me with them. Now I’m alone.. it’s just me myself and my panic attacks at night. Every single time it hurts more and more. I see people go off and getting married, finishing college and going right into a house of their own. I feel completely numb, I haven’t cried in almost a year. Might sound stupid but I feel like I need an Angel to save me at this point.
>My last meaningful relationship ended in disaster  Most guys on here have never had any relationships, meaningful or otherwise.
It sounds like you need advice following a bad breakup which you may not find here. Also sounds like you still need time to get your ex out of your system so not surprising dating isn't working out right now.   Just because it didn't work out with your ex it doesn't mean it won't work with anybody else. You're still young enough to have plenty of time on your side.
My last relationship was four years ago, I should’ve clarified. She also accused me of a sexual assault that never happened which made me lose all of my friends. So I guess I am the literal definition of this sub Reddit right now
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktf4l7/its_a_peaceful_feeling_knowing_there_was_nothing/
It’s a huge relief when I finally realized as a 20 year old KHHV, that it’s not my fault. No matter what I did, I was always going to be alone solely for the disgusting, unnatural way I look. Factors out of my control dictated this, so I feel better knowing it’s not my fault. All of those times wondering what I did wrong, all of those nights wishing someone would’ve loved me, it was all a waste and for nothing. It’s good to see that now.
Same here, although I came to the realization a little later in my 20's.   I've been reading posts here for a long time and I feel like the people who legitimately know their situation is beyond their control are the ones who are passive about it. The ones that are angry, on the other hand, seem to know on some level that they have some control they can exercise, but don't, and that's what makes them angry about it.
Can I see some pics?
Thank you. We’re FA because of who we are. It’s not because we haven’t gone to enough meetups, or displayed enough confidence, or whatever typical normie advice gets thrown out way.
Can surgery fix it?
Wow. You put it nicely. I used to feel angry and very sad, but then one day I read an article which said bullying messes you up, sometimes for life. That's when everything started making sense to me. Then I slowly started becoming bitter, now I'm complacent.
You don’t want to
Yep.
Nope. Too costly.
Like how much? I know that comes off as kind of dumb but think as a 20 year old you are in college or could possibly easily go to college. Give it 5 years and you could be out making at least 50k if not 75 or even 85k+ a year depending on where you live and what you study. Work a few years on that and you might be able to afford it
Jesus people, you're missing the point. He shouldn't have to surgically altar his looks for someone to love him
Exactly. Most people have to do minor things like get a haircut or use an acne cream to improve their appearance and increase their attractiveness. I don't get why they think that having your face sliced up to the point where you don't recognize yourself in the mirror is the same thing.
What you mean taking on college debt in the hopes of working a few years to afford radically altering your face isn't ideal? Lol.  It's so gross.
Unfortunately that’s what it takes. Only attractive people get love.
Human nature sucks lol
Reading some comments here sometimes really astounds me to how fucking stupid some people on here are lmao. You can really tell who lives their lives on the internet in a fantasy land and who has at least a modicum of real world experience
I'm contemplating on getting free surgery via a student.
Can confirm being attractive hasn't gotten me love.
My real life experience has been watching better looking guys around me have women throwing themselves at them while ignoring me.
I’m sorry, but if you have never had girls ask you to make out with them, you aren’t attractive. I’ve witnessed what it’s like to be a hot man. The difference is so clear that you know if you are hot or not.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktff15/when_your_so_ugly_that_people_dont_make_eye/
I had an interview like 1 month ago and the interviewer did not even make any eye contact like at all sometimes he would glance and then look away fast I left eventually and then just cried on the walk home pretty much nobody makes eye contact or looks at me because im such an ugly girl at school the boys will just push past me and try not to look at me or talk to me at all because they dont want to be seen/near me. I try to dress nice wear nice scents and jewllery i have started to work out but my face is too ugly a big nose thin lips large forehead just the worst feature's and nobody has ever crushed on me or anything other then pretending to date me and then run back with their friend to laugh it fucking sucks. How many of you have this problem? people avoiding eye contact
Just search for the ugliest person around and mate, that’s how life works
I read your first post and you mentioned that some girls at your school called you pretty. Are you sure you don't just have a poor perception of yourself or body dysmorphia? I don't consider myself ugly, and I've never had a single positive complement about the way I look (I'm 28 btw).
How old are you? Are you a high school student? I had the same experience as you during middle school, I felt so darn ugly and I was also bullied. I did have friends but only like 1 close one.  After I graduated middle school, I moved and went to a high school far away from my middle school. Everyone at my new high school did not know me and so I felt like I had a chance to start over.   Being ugly shouldn’t ruin your confidence, at high school I tried to act confident and outgoing. I was an introvert but I pushed myself to be a extrovert. Everyday, I would try to say hi to people and have casual conversations. Soon, I started to have a big friend group and became slightly popular. Everyone knew my name because I talked a lot and said hello to everyone. I then joined the sports team and my teammates became my closest friends. I had a great time. Even though I felt like I was ugly, I started to notice boys asking me out. Although I have no interest in dating, I would ask them why and they said they like my outgoing personality.   The advice I would give you is to be confident. Push yourself and talk to people. Say hello to everyone and always be happy. Do not try to hide in the shadows. Also, you are probably not ugly. You might have low self confidence like I did. Also, if you are a high school student, don’t worry. A lot of people felt like high school was the worst. For me, middle school was the worst. Start over in college or your new job place.   You probably are also thinking too much. Your interviewer probably did not have eye contact with you because that is they type of person they are. I know people who have a hard time holding eye contact because they are nervous or wtv. I used to be bad at eye contact as well but I now look at them straight in the eye.  Stop thinking too much, have confidence, and start talking to people.
Same boat. No one except old people look at me. Now I don’t care tbh. I keep my pic as my avatar on Reddit and people are free to make any judgements they may have. Irl I don’t even worry any more about it. I do my job, study for school and workout at the gym and focus on me and the things that I like doing.
Yeah I did that and they seemed repulsed by me as well 🤷🏼‍♂️
I wear some nice outfits and a bit of makeup  so I think thats why they complimeted me i mean there is no way somebody would think im pretty unless i was the last girl on earth and idk about body dysmorphia I do remeber when I was 15 looking at a photo of myself that my mom took and fuck I look deformed like I literally was scared and ran into my room and cried and i pretty much had to find my mom's phone and delete it off her facebook account I also avoid mirrors have not got my school picture tooken in since my freshman year im senior right now i just skip picture day
Ya middle school was the worst and Idk the interviewer look disgusted and i didnt get the job ethier he said they will probably call back they never did
m8 you are not even close to ugly lol
Lmao u not ugly, I’ve seen ugly believe me. Faces as bad as burnt dogs.
your not ugly in the slightest though like im geniunly ugly and damn even old people dont look at me
Different people have a different perception of themselves, especially also when others don’t look at you.
Appearance is in the eyes of beholder. You might think that I’m not, but online dating, acquaintances, my city, work, general public, etc would beg to differ. I do not know what you like that, but you could post a pic and someone will say to you what you said to me.
I guess you are right but jeez i find it so weird that nobody is interested in you in my city you would no problem
No one is. I’m 25 and have basically given up on finding someone.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktdgo3/i_think_this_is_the_moment_when_everybody_left_me/
Because I have too much problems with myself, everyone who I had left me because they had enough of my behaviour. So I just wanted to vent. That's it...
Was there in 2016. I basically pushed everyone away because of how I was acting. Still going through a lot (personally), but I did manage to get most of them back in months or a year. So it does get better, you just need to try to sort your own personal stuff for now, and when you're better try to get them back (if you think they're worth it).  They may surprise you, I know they surprised me. They distanced themselves from me or left me because my attitude kinda "hurt" them, but they were willing to move past all that way faster than I even recovered from it. Even if you think you know them well, and you're sure they're done with you, they may not be.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksv628/im_the_kinda_person_youre_friends_with_on_the/
I’m just totally replaceable. I’m not valuable, interesting, cool, or funny. Even if I get a relationship someday, I know I’m gonna be left or cheated on, but I don’t even blame her.
I’m the same. Also a backup friend
Nah, don't say that: a person that did that to you wouldn't be an actual friend
Wait, you make friends on the first day of school?
Yep, this is my life. People are friends with me until they realise how much of a boring loser I am, then they leave and go and find someone better. I’m expendable, completely replaceable, worthless, and not valuable to anyone.
100% same. If someone asks me to tell a story I answer “what story?”. Hell I can’t even speak sometimes...
Aww:// don’t say that to yourself. To be honest, I always feel expendable too. I’m not really part of the in-group of any of my social circles, and in the rare chance that I’m asked to participate with them, I feel like an afterthought. I always try my best to support my friends and open up to them and listen to their troubles, but it seems that people rarely reciprocate. My heart goes out to you, internet stranger. I hope you’ll find good friends who value you as a person and a loyal partner who will love you for who you are. Ik my words mean nothing but I hope that things will get better for you
Hahaha. This is so me
This brought back a memory from high school of being plainly told one day by my friends at lunch that they didn't want to hang out with me anymore. So I got up and left and that was that.
Honestly I feel the same way 99% of the time. Get friends who actually appreciate you for who you are and who enjoy spending time with you. I know it’s not easy, but know your worth and don’t settle for less than you deserve. You might have to go through fake friend after fake friend, but eventually you will find a person or a group that you click with. It will happen.  If you feel like you’re not cool or funny, that’s okay. Firstly, I feel like everyone has a unique sense of humour that they just need to find someone to appreciate (I was never funny until I had a friend group that has the same dry humour as I do), but secondly, you don’t need to be funny to have friends. I get how you might not feel valuable or interesting, but I’m sure you are. I’m sure you have hobbies, and it’s always great to pick up more. This might not be for you, but I made some of my closest friends through playing D&D with them.   I know it’s not easy, but you’re not alone, and you’re worth more than you think. You are unique and interesting, and don’t ever feel like you aren’t.
I remember that, then the "popular" kids come around him and he forgets you even existed. Truly sucks.
If someone chooses another person over you, it might be good to evaluate whether or not you want to pursue a longer term relationship with them. Depending on the specific circumstances, it can be extremely disrespectful to ditch one person for another, and that is not healthy for the person being treated as a secondary.  If someone prioritises another over you, maybe you should make it clear to them that you feel disrespected or simply walk away. If you express your feelings and they care enough for you then maybe they will change for you, otherwise you might just get the quick answer that you need.  I had a longer comment written, but didn't want to bombard you with it. This could be a good topic to discuss further, if you are interested (and don't find something better to do).
Normally on the first day of school you are getting to know your classmates etc. It may happen that later in the school year (sometimes even the second day of school) you may find that the people you were hanging with aren’t really your type of friends. Which is totally okay. That doesn’t mean you aren’t a good friend, or that you don’t have value or aren’t funny or cool. It has actually nothing to do with you.   May I ask why you would think that of yourself?? Is that because you feel that way, or because people have told you this?   What I know is that we are actually ALL replaceable. Another thing I know is that you give yourself that value before other people can value it. It starts with how you see yourself. If you walk this earth thinking you have no value, that the girlfriend who you don’t have yet will cheat on you, leave you and you won’t even blame her, then that is what you have to work on. Because that is the energy that radiates from you, and you know how people are able to pick out those who are insecure and inflict even more hurt and trauma onto them. We don’t want that to happen to you.   I would advise you to work on yourself. You can start by reaching out to people who have commented and see what they have to say. I’m sure (reading from the comments) they’ll even want to be friends. Then you can see how you can work on your self-esteem and start valuing  yourself.  Feel free to send me a chat 😁. If not, no problem and good luck. I think we’re all rooting for you anyways ✨
You are not replaceable! Don’t allow anyone to do that to u
Hey! You're not irreplaceable or worthless! Remember that you're great!
When did I post this
Indeed.
problem is i dont find someone better i lose all of my friends and become some weird loner everyone hates :)
Last resort friend
That’s basically who I was in school, I was the person you’d talk too if your friend was sick, I tried sitting by “friends” during lunchtime but they always ignored me
Change your Thoughts
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktfgef/i_wish_i_could_be_as_happy_irl_as_i_am_in_my/
I had a dream last night about some guy, didn't even know who he was, just someone that my mind conjured up. It's rare now that I have dreams like that, but whenever I do, I experience happiness, contentment, and relief for just a few moments.     It's not even anything sexual, not even a kiss. It's just being in the presence of someone who finally gets me and accepts me for everything that I am. Someone who quiets all my pains and anxieties. Someone who makes this ridiculous ass world just a little less terrible.      Such a contrast to everything that happens when I wake up. Miserable from sun up to sun down. Constantly stressed and anxious. Alone and unhappy. Stuck in the past, present, and future.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kt3a1b/to_bad_i_will_always_be_fa_due_to_my_mental/
I wish I was dead. I wish I didn't have to work 50 hours a week. I wish I didn't have a hard labor job to do today.   Being forever alone isn't just me being an ackward, emotionally lonely person. Its also that life has to bleed me of everything. I fucking hate my life. I bought a pikachu and it was nice to just have something to hug. No one will ever love me because I know I will never be capacle of love. It doesn't matter. Half the people on this site have nothing but contempt for me and the other half can't do anything for me. Even if there is someone willing to talk to me for more than one day, I work so many hours that I can only occasionally respond. It would be harder to find someone willing to talk to me on the same continent than finding a job that wouldn't make me want to kill myself.   Some people are born broken, and society is aggressive that they will do nothing for a sad person unable to do everything for themselves.
Leave that job asap man, 50 hours is ridiculous. That's your first step forward.
I was always kinda interested in becoming a surveyor because I assumed it was piecework and you'd work as you're hungry.  In my state almost all surveyors do the "accredited CivEng degree" path to get their license, I suppose it varies by state.  But if you've got the required CivEng degree can't you just quit surveying and go design highway bridges and overpasses and sewer treatment plants all day like my old Army buddy does?  You make posts about making $15/hr is that with unimaginable huge unpaid overtime or something like working under the table illegally?  The local pipeline place offers over $100K salary for state licensed surveyor civil engineers, so to get under $15/hr you'd have to work like 130 hours per week which seems a bit much.
I'm so sorry man, you don't deserve this. I hope for you.
[deleted]
Easier said than done. All I've know is crippling poverty or crippling hours. I can only trade one master for another. This is what everyone wants, this is how things have to be.
Not really. Being over worked has killed any interest I had in my hobbies. Last night I couldn't even force myself to do anything.
Definitely not, it's your life and you are the master of it. Search for something better or you'll continue in the same horrendous situation.
[deleted]
Then my fate is a horrendous situation , because if anything the world has told me is that I am on my own and I am unable to effect anything in my life. Its how things have to be.
That's my life, stripped of all humanity and can only be worked to death. Having any kind of comfort would be too experensive.  I wish there was an answer, but all I can do is work harder or give up more to try and change things.
I refuse to accept it, I can't let you do this to yourself.
Everyone else is more than willing.
Granted. But at least you reached out to people on here. It means you care in some way.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kty2p4/i_am_a_26_year_old_male_and_i_have_never_been_in/
A little more background: I am a 26 year old military male currently stationed in Kansas, USA. I have never been in a relationship before but I have gone on some dates with 3 - 6 women since my early 20s....a few of whom I seriously regret not going on more dates with and one I wish she “was ready for a relationship”.  What I want: First, To become my most authentic self and be comfortable in my own skin. Second, to become someone that women will be attracted to and want to date. Third, I do want to marry ideally before the age of 40.  Me: I’m a 5’7, handsome, skinny, redhead guy who is introverted and shy. Personality type is: INTJ. I’m kinda nerdy...love 70s punk music, vinyl, guitar, astronomy, hunting, fishing, philosophy, history, comedy, podcasts, hanging out with good friends, traveling, languages.  My Fears:   - I won’t be enough for someone. I mean that I struggle being comfortable in my own skin constantly. I subconsciously think I feel inadequate. So if I can’t be “myself” when I am alone, then can I ever be with someone I’m dating or living with?  - Deciding to marry the 1st or 2nd person I seriously date. I feel like I should have more experience dating people so I realize the type of person I want to be with and what I want out of a long-term relationship. But I don’t want to rule out marrying the first person I date if we really connect.   - Coming on a little too strong (I feel like I did this with one of the gals who told me “she wasn’t ready for a relationship”....we kissed at midnight on New Years 2018)  - I want to feel like “I’m in love” with the person I end up marrying; meet “the one” that Ted Mosby wants to marry lol. But my fear is that “I’ll settle” with someone who I match just well with for fear of time running out.   I didn’t intend to make this a pity party. I just tried being honest with how I feel. I am interested in hearing if other people had similar fears and how they overcame them. Also any advice from a female perspective - on what they look for in a man.   Anyways sorry for the long read. Any advice would be appreciated! Thank you.
Don’t ask a bunch of virgins how to no longer be a virgin.
Handsome..."we kissed at new years" the heck are ya doing here?
"I will end up marrying...". Ha... haha hahaha. Sorry. I wish my worse love life problem was this instead of never even marrying in the first place.
I completely understand where you're coming from. I'm a few years older than you and female so I REALLY feel that urgency, as well as that fear of settling instead of finding 'the one'.   I think the number one thing I look for in a man is loyalty. If there's real loyalty there, everything else can be worked out. But if a man is disloyal.... there's no point in working on anything else.
That's so cute.  You might end up settling.  At this point, I'd marry any woman who felt anything for me besides disgust.
25M here and in much the same boat (other than the military part). Wish I could give you some advice but if I saw a way out of this I would have taken it myself. So I'll just give you my best wishes instead.  Also - you seem very fixated on the idea of finding "the one." Worried that you'll miss out on her by getting too close to someone you meet first. I'm curious why that is. In my (platonic) friendships I've found that it's more about finding people who you like and then learning to appreciate what they bring to the table and helping them to be the best they can be. I'd always assumed it'd be the same for romantic relationships - if she's not big on the outdoors, for example, you could teach her to see in it what you do so long as she was open to giving it a chance. If she's the type to get squeamish about a little dirt under her nails, on the other hand, that's probably not destined to work out. So it's not so much about finding "the one" as finding someone you like and doesn't have any dealbreakers, which is more a matter of knowing yourself than anything.  Love develops slowly as you get to know people and grow together, not suddenly as you realize you've found your perfect match. Or maybe it's supposed to happen immediately and that's just another way in which I'm broken lel. Coming here for dating advice is a bold play.
This.
Not getting into my ego, but I’m not a virgin. But yeah I see what you’re saying lol
I wish I knew why...she said she still wasn’t over her ex.
I like  like your take on things.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktbdd7/anyone_purposely_tries_getting_served_by_a_person/
Say a girl in a shop, you know if your next it'll be someone else serving you so you let person behind go before you. I do, just so I feel less alone and it picks me up.
Yeah, but I would usually just let it happen naturally, and not do anything to make it happen.
That can be creepy for the girl.
Only if its made obvious lol, at a bar its less so
>it'll be someone else serving you so you let person behind go before you  That is creepy.  &#x200B;  >at a bar its less so  A friend of mine has done a lot of bar work over the years, she says the creepy behaviour happens all the time. Tbf she doesn't refer to it as "creepy", more "sad and desperate".
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kt2cfx/so_close/
I was texting with a girl daily for 8-9days, we were watching Netflix together (thru snapchat we were texting each other while watching a movie u know what I mean), she even sent me hearts and so did I, we were communicating so much but last 2 days... She totally lost her interest in me I feel so bad I'm in the worst state of mind I ever was why me why does everyone keep losing interest in me why do I even try life is not fair holy shit
It's always the worst when we get our hopes up a little, I'm sorry bro :/
I know how it feels, you feel happy and think maybe this is it. Maybe I will finally have happiness and not be alone, then WHAM! Life goes NOPE!   And now you spiral down in depression.   Been there, actually I'm the mayor of there. Welcome, we have cookies waiting for you.   Hugs.
Sorry to hear that. I know perfectly well what that's like. You contact through social media let's sey a 100 girls, if you're lucky 10 leave you on seen, 2-3 will auctually reply and loose interest pretty quick. If the universe smiles at you 1 girl will talk with you for weeks and the BAM, she's gone.
Perhaps she lost interest because you two didn't go on a date? It seems like you were past the talking stage a bit, see if you can organize something simple like a coffee date or a walk in the park.
I'd really like to ask her out but my country is in a lockdown
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksymbe/put_my_best_pics_on_tinder_for_months_no_likes/
Damn, I really do be ugly  The pictures were the best I could muster, nothing at all for the entire time I used the app.  I hate life
[deleted]
Well at least you got 5 likes shit I can’t even get any
I think a lot of guys have problems with Tinder you’re not the only one. I never got any dates off of there either, I simply wasn’t good looking enough.   I had a buddy who was tall and good looking enough to get dates and even he said Tinder was difficult. A lot of women flake, they agree to meet up but cancel at the last minute.  Some women were only there for free food, many women on the app have no intention of meeting up and they’re just there for the ego boost.  That’s what he all told me.
So what happend with the 5 likes
What the actual fuck? xD
I didnt, the picture of a grey wall did.
I got 40 likes and only three of them led to conversations and the conversations went nowhere. Fuck tinder
I can't even get the singles in your area ads to work.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kt2wfs/quick_story_about_my_not_so_great_first_kiss/
First a good thing: I kissed a guy. It was in December, I am 20 and it was my first kiss since I am totally awkward around other people and don’t actually like skin to skin contact very much.  Now the bad thing: I didn’t really like the kissing. It was alright but...well you know I had really high expectations and it just wasn’t that great.  And now THE irony: I now have glandular fever. Yes. Amazing. First kiss (not even a great one) and then, weeks afterwards I get the symptoms, go to three (!) doctors until one recognised the illness and now have to go through this for a few more weeks. Yay.  Additional problem: I have Uni exams in two weeks and actually really have to study to finish the semester but I cannot for the life of me concentrate because of my stupid headache.  So, if you’ve read all of that: congrats. I like you, whoever you are. Thank you for listening. I will now just stay single forever.
I hope it hasn't put you off in the future. Good luck with your exams btw.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksuk2r/if_poor_people_received_the_same_advice_we_receive/
"Why don't poor people just open brokerage accounts and invest? It's that easy to stop being poor."  Kind of like how I feel when some person tells me, "have you tried showering?"  Just the sheer condescension, it's ridiculous.  And by the way, I hate to brag, but I will, at 25 I'm in a position to buy a house in the one of the largest cities in the USA in cash. But I took advantage of low interest rates and got a mortgage.  I might ask these people who get relationships but can't pay their bills "have you tried just investing bro?"
Oh this is a good one. I could literally think of dozens if you really wanted me to. In fact, I was already thinking of a similar post before you came along:  * "A job isn't about making money so you can pay rent. It's about making your boss happy and spending time doing something you love." * "Nobody's entitled to a job." * "Stop demanding paychecks in exchange for work. Constantly get better at your position to provide more value to your boss but never dare ask for a pay raise or promotion in return. It's toxic and entitled to view employment as a transactional relationship." * "Our nation cares too much about wealth. Why can't you just sit back and enjoy the simple pleasures of life?" said by a millionaire to a person who can't afford rent. * "Maybe you'll get money when you stop acting so desperate for it." * "Stop acting like you need money." * "There's no such thing as being short on money, or being unable to pay for certain things. You need to get out of your funk and embrace an abundance mentality." * "Buy my self-help book!" * "The idea that rich people have an easier time buying things isn't true. Anyone can afford all their needs and wants regardless of income level." * "Stop trying so hard to apply for positions. A job will come along when you're least expecting it." * "Why are you thinking of answers for interview questions in advance? Stop overthinking this!" * "It's okay to be 40 and never had a first job." * "We need society to stop pressuring people into jobs. Don't feel the need to earn a paycheck just because everybody else you know gets one." * "Eh, being employed is overrated anyway. Joblessness gives you all the free time in the world!" * "Employers don't want weirdos like you. Please stop <cool and interesting hobby>." * "Stop complaining about discrimination and just work harder. There are tons of minorities with jobs so obviously racism just doesn't exist at all, just like how short and obese people can find girlfriends means that attractiveness and height are totally overrated factors." * "Stop treating the economy like a market. It has nothing to do with supply and demand, and nobody is shopping around or comparing prices and product quality. Everyone is capable of finding just the right job for them regardless of time, distance, population density, age, or any other demographic, geographic, or logistical factors."
Imagine trying to cheer up a homeless man by complaining about tax season and saying at least he doesn't have to deal with that.
Poor people really do receive that kind of shitty advice, but people question that to some degree. If you're poor and FA, you get the best of both worlds. Then you realize how much interpersonal relationships are like job applications. Bullshit commoditizing of the individual.
So true. Also think about compound interest: it's easier to make money when you have a lot to play around with. If you're dirt poor, good luck.  Easier to make friends when you have a lot of existing friends.  Easier to get relationship experience when you've already had relationship experience, been romantically validated, and therefore have a higher sense of self-esteem.
"But you need to love yourself first!" is like telling poor people "but you need to have money first!!!!"
Most of the population fuck. That's why there's 8 billion humans and 100 years ago there was 2 billion. But most of the world is poor. Different degrees of poor. But poor non the less. This comparison doesn't work.
What they would say:  *Why don't you just try to make some more money? Seriously, I'm a millionaire, and I got here by pulling myself up by the bootstraps. You just need to try.* /s
Telling a homeless person to open a brokerage account is like telling an FA to go on Tinder
You are right but what kind of advice would you expect?
Here's what's behind all the bullshit advice, condescending attitudes, gaslighting, etc:  **The truth about attraction is too politically problematic.**  Too many people, groups and businesses would have a LOT to lose if the truth got out.  Think of how many bigger houses, boats, fancy cars, designer clothes, vacation packages, jewelry and other expensive items are purchased by men trying to make themselves "attractive".  What would happen if those men realized *real* attraction doesn't work that way?  Also, the entire "dating advice" industry would collapse without the "looks don't matter" myth propping it up. Then you have gold diggers and other women who take advantage of naive guys.  Their entire hustle relies on naive simps.  And women seeking marriage....how well would that fare if enough men recognized many plain looking guys were merely being settled for?  Lastly, a significant number of men who DO know the truth tend to become resentful as a result, which could make the world even more dangerous for women than it already is.  In short, the truth coming out would fundamentally chance society in many ways, and too many people have a vested interest in keeping things the way they are.
Wait, do you not shower?
Kind of requires the assumption that you will die without a relationship in the same way you'll die without food and shelter.   Social connections ARE very important don't get me wrong but this is a false equivalency.
Saving this for the next time someone tries to feed me delusions and blatant attempts of gaslighting
I'm late to the party, but I would love for someone to post this on a subreddit like r/dating to see the responses they would get. It's both sad and hilarious watching the mental gymnastics that some people go through.
And conversely it's easier to lose everything you have the less you have.
So I was mainly referring to the USA where poverty rates are around 15%, obviously the global population is mostly poor.  The point is the “take a shower” advice is so ridiculously disdainful, to even say that shows one has zero understanding or is gaslighting. Just like telling people in America in generational poverty, “just get a good job bro.”
I fully expect that kind of condescending advice, but I hate it.
same
What percentage are incels. 1? Self improvement does lead to getting a partner. Unless you're physically disabled or mentally ill.
Yeah, as if they were experts or something. But, imo they are right, it’s just that advice is something obvious as fuck, like “no shit, why didn’t I think of it myself”. Nothing concrete, just empty words without anything to back them up.
Self improvement hasn’t worked for me or many people on this subreddit.  I know, I know, everyone is gonna gaslight me and say, no I haven’t self-improved, well the fact is I have, and it doesn’t work for me or people on this sub.  Getting educated, networking leads to escaping poverty. If you want to see the FA version for personal finance, try the lost generation subreddit. They whine about being highly educated but unable to escape poverty.
Then why can't you find a partner if you're perfect? I'm middle class poor because I hate working and hate being told what to do. I have a huge attitude problem. If I want to be successful I know what I need to do. I just didn't want to. Same as when I was single for years. It was because I was an ass hole with many hate filled opinions as I was bitter at the world. And also out of shape.
I really don’t know. Btw, where did I say I’m perfect, all I said was I engaged in self-improvement in good faith, didn’t work.   If I had to guess, I’d say I’m not the most outgoing person, don’t meet too many new people.
[${URL}] https://imgur.com/gallery/DS2Qd36

i'm in this photo and i don't like it
Nah, gradeschool was worse than that.
[deleted]
Yes pretty much, and it doesn't get better...
40+ you are simply dead inside and look it
It was already pretty clear to me something was wrong with me in high school. But I thought hey, the upcoming 5 years of college are gonna change that! Guess what, in 5 months I'm done with college and (mostly) nothing happened
College for me
It started in high school for me
Stopped too soon.
About to be 30 in a few months...☹️
High school I already wasn't smiling 💀💀
I feel like a stage 3 cancer patient.
Too accurate
When does the noose come into play?
What anime?
This is golden
You were lucky enough to be happy in Grade school and Highschool
Accurate description of me
Me, but if I was a woman. And cute.
I was the last two by my sophomore year of HS
I hated grade school and High School.  I thought life would improve once I got out of school but it never did.
being alone is good
Same
I was never bullied, I was just invisible and nobody ever took interest in me.
I am 27 and no longer give a damn about Being FA. I wish I knew why I am still single with no friends,  but it is not really a bother anymore. I view it as a dark joke.
Man that’s horrible.... I’m not gonna sugarcoat things, your time is quickly running out... do everything you can to change right now man
I’m so sorry man.... I’m 20 years old and I’ve been having nightmares of that happening to me as well, to the point I dream of all the years I’ve wasted and will continue to waste, and I wake up in the middle of the night and cry.
Change something as soon as you can, you’re running out of time
I’m so sorry.
That’s exactly how it feels. Completely and utterly hopeless.
Well I've found a lump in my lower back, so I probably actually am.
Usually around 40-50. It’s coming soon for me I’m afraid.
I'd rather get hit by a train or jump off a cliff. Hanging sounds scary to me. I want something that's instant.
It’s really a shame my golden sense of humor can’t make up for my horrible ugliness. If I was born attractive I’d have everything I wanted in life plus more.
Actually, I wasn’t. I was alone then too, I just didn’t realize it.
I hate it so much. Not a day goes by I don’t wish I would wake up attractive. Also, if I had the choice I would’ve been born a hot female instead of a hot male.
Imagine.
Yep. Same here. It’s over when you’re ugly. Rigged from the start. We tell ourselves it will get better to cope with the fact that the attractive people get to live their whole lives free and having fun while we’re forced into isolation
It gets old.
For some time, yes. After that, you start going nuts and craving for some bonding
Holy crap that is a controversial claim to make.
Are you invisible because of who you are or who you chose to be?
[deleted]
I’m hoping to find cancer so I can die early
It was more representative than literal. A noose would be a bad way to go.
I get what you mean of course but jumping off a cliff isn't instant. I think I'd be scared shitless while falling if not regretting my decision.
I am convinced that physical appearance is actually of secondary importance. Social skills are more important if you ever want an SO.
Yeah its hard being forever alone and always horny uggghhh i hate it so much
I haven't lived long enough for it to get old but I hope it never does
staying away from the unnecessary drama and not wasting time seems like a sweet deal
Because of who I am.
If you’re ugly, that’s true. How ugly are you?
Yeah and yet its apparently the most common way to commit suicide. How strange, there are so many better ways to end it, best way would be a gun but I live in the UK.
Yes but at the same time, physical attractiveness is required to actually attract people to your personality
Lol are u a man or woman?
Then get noticed man. I think everyone can be noticed. So what if you're ugly and a loser, if you put your mind to something you can do it.
[deleted]
I'm really hoping euthanasia becomes legal in the next decade or two. Maybe I can travel somewhere to get it done. Otherwise it'll be a gun to the head for me.
Valid point.
Of course Im a man.... over 30 years.
Not how it works. Girls will always think I’m ugly no matter what interests I have. Ugly is just who I am just like being hot is part of who they are.
That’s really what fucking sucks man. If you’re not hot, nobody pays any attention to you. It’s so sad and messed up. I have the same problem. The only way I’ll ever get a girl is if she likes my looks which won’t ever happen.
At least you've got the option of a gun, getting hit by a train is obviously going to be done in public so all kinds of things could go wrong for me.
I don't remember which subreddit I read it on but it seemed like a good method to me. On a cold winter night, get wasted and I mean *wasted*. Go outside and go to sleep and you probably won't wake up
Hence why I’m screwed lol.
My god.... I can’t imagine.... I’m killing myself at age 25-28 if things don’t improve by then.
Looks aren't everything bro, you have something to share with the world.
[deleted]
Yeah its terrible ngl. I hate being forever alone but dont see it changing anytime soon
Share to people that don’t care and won’t ever love/care about me? No thanks.
And people act like we can “become charismatic” yeah right. Lol. You can’t just fundamentally change your whole brain.
Yeah wtf is charisma I've got 0 points of charisma
And all because our faces aren’t perfectly symmetrical with flawless jawlines and perfect hair/forehead ratio, and perfectly chiseled cheek bones.
Well obviously don't share to them but theres people here in the same boat. You just need to find someone who thinks like you.
Should have spent your skill points more carefully. It clearly said in the start screen that you wouldn't be able to change your selection later. I personally made the age old mistake of putting all my skill points on strength and intelligence.
And our teeth being perfect lol. I had girls block me on facebook just for sending Hi! to them.which is funny and sad at the same time
Except nobody gets to choose their category. I would’ve put ALL of mine on the face because that’s all girls care about is the face.
But remember folks looks totally don’t matter it’s alL PerSoNaLiTy. If you FaIL, JusT sHowEr aNd LiFt bRo iTs YoUr FaULT
GIrlS LovE NicE gUYs
THerEs SoMeOnE fOr eVeRyOne, yOu aRe sOmeonEs TypE
“YoU aRen’T EntiTleD To loVe” “wOmeN donT owE yOu anYtHinG foR beinG nIcE”
YOu HavE tIMe, yOu aRE STiLl yOuNG
JuST gO oUt yoULL mEeT soMEoNe
JusT bE cOnFidEnT aNd LoVe yoUrsElf beForE yoU cAn loVe otHerS
ArE yOu GAy? I NeVEr sEEn YOu wITh a GiRL. Is the peak of 4ever alone
No kidding
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kssbgk/forever_alone_isnt_an_exaggeration/
So I’m sitting here having some deep thoughts as I sit in my shower fully clothed chugging a bottle of wine, and it dawns on me that I will, quite literally, be alone forever.   I haven’t dated at all in highschool, I’m a senior in college who still hasn’t dated anyone, and I’m not living on campus so my “ocean” has been reduced to a tiny puddle. I won’t be living on campus so that takes away my chances for a college romance, and I’m going into a female dominated profession where the chance of meeting any male colleagues is slim to none, so even if there weren’t any rules against dating coworkers, I’d be out of luck.   I’m too shy and not confident enough to be able to just walk up to someone I like and put myself out there like you normally would and I’ve been SOL on dating apps too. I don’t go out much since my friend circle is obnoxiously small and spread apart geographically. And I’m rather boring too so the activities I like don’t really happen around others. There’s just such a slim chance of my social circle expanding to accommodate possible romantic partners that I’m almost to the point of having my parents matchmake for me. Like my mom came home and apparently she and her coworker discussed how compatible me and her son are. I’ve only seen that crud in movies.
I’m right there with you. I’m a junior in college and my step mom, from the Philippines, has been trying to set me up with some women my age in her old province. I’ve completely trashed dating apps and the closest I come to making contact with women is at my job when they need help with their cell phone.
I was a commuter from Day 1. It might be too late for OP at this point, being a senior in COVID times and all, but my advice to anyone younger: Even if you don't live on-campus, *stick around campus after classes and attend social events there.* Don't let college slip through your fingers without getting valuable experience, because it gets way harder once you're out in the working world.
> so even if there weren’t any rules against dating coworkers  The reddit hivemind is there's only one kind of coworker and that's the fellow cashier literally standing next to you for 40 hours every week and everyone grows up slowly so nobody can act adult about either dating or breaking up.  The way to actually do it is that cute guy in accounting or IT or whatever eats in the same cafeteria or 3rd party deli as you, or maybe works out next to you at the company provided gym over lunch, but works in a different office tower for a different VP or even a different merged branch of the corporation and you'll never see each other in a work context unless you go ridiculously out of your way.  That works pretty well even if one person or both people are childish about dating and breaking up etc.  You decide to bang one of your direct reports regardless if they're into it or not and corporate is going to absolutely freak out.  You meet someone at the off campus deli all the employees visit at lunch time who works in a completely different field for a completely different company with different VPs that merely is financially owned by the same CEO, its hard to imagine corporate caring one way or the other as long as everything happens out of the workplace.  As with many things, culture varies with location and if you live in a toxic area you can and should move somewhere better.
I have no luck on dating apps. They either talk to me for 3 messages or 3 days. Hardly ever any further. Like, EVER. I have 6 apps man. Its pitiful.
Yeah, I’ve used all of them: Tinder, Bumble, POF, Meet Me, OKCupid, etc. If I happen to match anyone, I’ll usually initiate the conversation to only get a non-response or for a few back and forth until they just stop. Not worth it unless it’s just for hook ups.
Same, I never match with anyone and I used like 5 dating sites..... And if I do match its a bot.....
Doesn't even work for hookups unless you got that Chris Evans bod
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kt9cim/one_thing_i_realized_after_i_had_successful/
In otherhand seems impossible to me getting actual relationship, I blame my autism for that and lack of understanding with social cues :/
Curious how you even manage to get laid? Hooking up seems to require a lot of social skills to me.
[deleted]
My first experience felt that way too.  A lot of racket for not much payoff.
You can get hookup from sexting community, doesn't require that much social skill compare to normal dating scenes.
I mean ye quite fun, just wished I have more emotional connection with partner
How do you get into it? It still requires someone to want to talk to you, which is the step I fail on.
I mean really depends which website, app or community in, even reddit have some nsfw subreddit for that.
Yeah but I couldn't get anyone to wanna do it with me
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksm9yb/i_have_my_first_date_ever_tomorrow/
I’m 27M, KHV, and I will finally have a date Friday evening   I’ve tried dating apps for the past few years and barely had any luck at all. A few weeks ago, I decided to redownload Bumble to try my luck and fail once again.   I shockingly matched with a girl on there, and she messaged me fairly quickly. I was honestly shocked, but expected her to ghost me after a little while. We somehow ended up keeping up a conversation, and have been texting over the past weeks. A little before Christmas, we even had a video call. I was really nervous and came across as kinda awkward(I literally said “sorry I’m being awkward”) but she seemed to be ok with it.   That leads to the beginning of this week. We were messaging and she mentioned she was doing a beer tasting at home. So we started talking about it, and mentioned us meeting up at a brewery downtown that I’ve never been to. This place apparently has decent social distancing rules, so we decided to try it. I set the day and time.   I should be happy now, but I’m kinda just nervous. I feel like I’m going to run out of things to say and things will get awkward. Logically I know things should be ok though. I’m not expecting a first kiss or anything here, just a good conversation. Though if a kiss happens, that’d be nice. Wish me luck everyone.  EDIT: Thank you for all the kind words guys! I ended up postponing the date to the next day because of some bad muscle pain I was having. It’s almost funny how my body seems to be conspiring against me. That being said, I’m still having the date tomorrow, and I’ll make a post about it  EDIT 2: Here’s my update post   https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kunoa9/i_went_on_my_first_date/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
It's alright to be nervous. Just have some stories or things of similar interests ready just in case you run out of things to talk about. You got this.   Good luck!
Good luck. I too just had my first date right after Thanksgiving, six weeks later and she's now my girlfriend. Still sounds weird to say.   It's ok being nervous that's expected whenever you meet a new person. Just relax, and maybe try to come up with some conversation topics ahead of time to use if you feel like you've both run out of things to say.
Best of luck i really do hope it goes well
Oh man this made my day. Thanks for sharing and good luck
Good luck! If you want: try speaking with your date like you're catching up with an old friend, listen a lot too, silent pauses are ok too (even when they feel awkward).
I'm impressed one of you guys has a date, it's a big step. It sounds like you have it down, be awkward, do what you do, it'll work out if you got this far.
Good luck mate.
Thank you for posting this. I’m in a really bad time right now and have been having so many dark thoughts and this gave me a lot of hope.
Keep us updated. And make sure to leave this utter hell if things worked out, hopefully it'll all go well👌
Dude that's great!  Don't worry about being awkward or nervous.  Totally normal.  She's not a celebrity.. just a regular woman (unless she really is one lol).  Ask lots of questions.  Be interested in what she likes and finds important.  Let her teach you a few things about beer.  Like others said, she's someone you met to hang out with.  It's not an interview.  It's just for fun.  Keep that in mind while you are there.
Good luck  Of course you’re nervous but you’ll be fine honestly.
The hard part is getting a woman to be interested in you, the easy part is everything else. She is clearly already interested in you, talk to her about what hobbies or passions you have, ask her about what her hopes are, ask her if she thinks 2021 will be worse or better than 2020. Trust me just say anything but say it with honest intent and she will understand what you mean.   It honestly doesn’t really matter what you say to a woman, all that matters is how you make her feel when talking to her. She clearly already feels good talking to you so just keep doing what your doing, just be your honest self, and try to have a great time a check out a new brewery.   Good luck!
How fast were the messages exchanged between you two? Like how long would it take for her to respond to a specific message? Just curious. GL.
Congratulations! I’m happy for you. And yeah I’ll try to come up with topics before going
I’ll remember this. Thank you!
I completely understand what it’s like being in a dark place. I still have my bad days sometimes. But I’m glad I’m able to help you feel better :)
Thanks. I’ll be making another thread with an update after the date
Those are all good tips! Thank you!
That’s very encouraging. Thank you! I’ll remember this tonight!
Well we matched that evening but she didn’t send her first message till the next day. Though I believe it’s because I matched after she went to bed. If I message her, I usually get a text back somewhere between 5-30 minutes. It really depends. Same if she texts me first. I just try not to keep her waiting too long and everything turns out ok. She hasn’t complained about the length of time between messages at all this whole time
Thanks. It may be a bit awkward, but that's to be expected. I sort of was with me, and all we really did was hang out on a park bench for a couple of hours. However, we had already video chatted a few times and I could tell she liked me before we met in person.   I wasn't sure if she wanted to kiss so we didn't, but we cuddled for a bit. It was cold out so I said we should warm up with body heat and put my arm around her. We ended up kissing on the second date, she even told me ahead of time that she wanted to, but I still had to find the right moment to do so.   But yeah, just relax and be yourself. You got this.
Well??? How did it go?
Well guess my goose is cooked on my current match 😂. All the best to you and good luck.
I just made a post about it :)  https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kunoa9/i_went_on_my_first_date/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
[${URL}] http://prntscr.com/wiv9z6

Yeah, sad but true I’m afraid.
When you fail to do so, they blame you for not trying hard enough.
"just go out meet people" covid lockdowns and constant closure of places to meet people
So I am outside. What do I do now?
How soon is now?
Itachi only spoke facts
Maybe stop being a weeb?
And when you try harder you are "too desperate"
dude It had nothing to do with being a weeb, also I am proud of being a weeb
Imagine making fun of someone for a completely normal hobby.  Get out of here, retard.
Yeah true. The best thing to do is not to even try at all. But then the cycle repeats itself.
What is there to be proud about for being a weeb?
Yeah im destined tobe forever alone lol
What is there not to be?
How old are you?
30 and have PHD
r/humblebrag
You are 30 years old and you watch anime?  No wonder you are on this subreddit.
Fuck him for having interests, am I right?  It's not like anime is a niche thing anymore.
Imagine making fun of someone for a completely normal hobby.  Get out of here, retard.
anime is life
I watch anime, am in my 30s and outside of covid get laid more than your average normie  "its your hobbies bro" fucking gaslighters
😐
and anime is mainstream now every normie watches naruto and attack on titan and plays pokemon. its not even a bad excuse anymore
r/ihavesex
I actually met some really good friends playing pokemon go. So thats positive
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ktc4su/i_need_some_advice_tldr_at_the_end/
Hi, I have posted a couple of times on here about my behaviour and how I want to change.  But now I have a few follow-up questions.   Context:  I am in my early 20s, I am gay and was raised very Christian. I was bullied in high school because of being gay. I have a good group of supportive friends. I suffer from OCD symptoms and have been diagnosed with anxiety. I am also a catfish.  Basically, on and off for about 18 months I used a fake profile to talk to men on Grindr. The nudes I sent were my real ones but the face photos were not mine. The chats were often sexual, but I never shared any photos or chats with anyone else. I blocked everyone very quickly - often after a few hours, the longest was probably around a week.   I used the fake profiles because I didn’t want to be found out as gay or have my face connected to my nudes. I wanted to be invisible but I also wanted to talk to men (it’s pathetic, I know).  My Realisation:  I stopped using this fake profile and deleted all accounts/chats/photos in September. But the guilt and realisation of what I was doing really hit in late October and has been severe since then.  I deeply regret that I’ve violated people like this - lying to them and deceiving them, especially because of the sexual nature of the chats. Even though I didn’t blackmail or share the nudes/chats anywhere, I feel disgusting and deeply regret that I’ve lied to people to even have those conversations in the first place. The idea that someone has been hurt by my actions is very troubling to me and I wish I could go back and stop myself from behaving in this way. I never intended to cause harm or violate anyone - but I now know that’s exactly what I’ve done since the harm was in my lying and deceiving. There’s still wrong been caused by actions even if the people didn’t realise they were being catfished.   Where I need advice:   Since I stopped using the fake profile I’ve been seeing a therapist (for CBT and Acceptance and Commitment Therapy, to help with my OCD/Anxiety and to help me act on my values not my fears) and a counsellor too. I’m trying to stop watching porn and have been reconnecting with my Christian faith. However, I am unsure how to atone and make up for what I did. I know I can’t change the past, but I want to be better in the future and not behave like this again. What does accountability look like for someone in my shoes - what is the right thing to do from a moral perspective?  In previous posts I’ve made about this situation, people have advised me to not seek out the people I talked to on the fake profile to apologise to them. I believe this is because the people I was talking to likely weren’t forming romantic feelings nor were they likely aware I wasn’t who I said I was. This has left me with a few questions however:  1. Is it really okay to just move on and leave this in the past? To me it feels like something I deserve punishment for and like I owe many people an apology. But I also don’t want any apology I give to re-victimise or victimise anyone, especially if they didn’t know they were being catfished. I also don’t know if any apology would even help the situation here?  2. Do I need to tell my close friends/flatmates now about my behaviour? If your friend had been doing what I’ve done, what you want them to do to atone/make up for it.  3. Do I need to tell future lovers/boyfriends? I hate the idea that if at some point in the future people find out I was catfishing, that my boyfriend/husband/future kids would get dragged into the situation too. How would I go about telling a future partner? Or even if it was not my catfishing but my nudes that got found out (since the nudes were my real ones).  4. Is it okay to wait for someone I talked to find out it was me who catfished them or should I find the people I talked to and tell them it was me. I know what I’ve done was wrong and so should I seek out the people I’ve wrong to right the situation or will that cause them more harm? Like I don’t want to be projecting my own guilt onto them.   5. This connects to the first question. I feel like predator and a monster - particularly because of the sexual nature of the chats. But I also have anxiety and OCD. This makes it hard for me to judge this situation objectively. I feel so disgusting and guilty - but people on other posts have said that my guilt is making me view this situation as worse than it is. Please tell me what your first reaction to my situation is.   Basically, I just want to know what steps I can take to be better in the future, now that I’ve stopped Catfishing. I don’t want to be that person anymore - I want to contribute to the world and I want to make people happy and have a family - I just don’t know how to get there or if I even deserve that.    Tl;dr - I was a catfish (used fake profile on Grindr) and often had sexual chats with people. I’ve now stopped but what steps can I take to be better in the future. I want to change.
without wanting to make you feel worse, i'm actually way more concerned for the people whose face pictures you used than for the people sexting with you - the people sexting knew there was a good chance you weren't who you said you were, but the people whose face pics you used have no idea what's happened.   i don't think atonement or punishment are necessarily useful models here, and i don't think you need to contact the people who have been harmed or tell the people around you what's happened. people do stupid, shitty things sometimes, and the important part is breaking the cycle and reducing harm - so aside from just, like, stopping the catfishing, one thing you could do is to donate money to charities that support victims and survivors of revenge porn, as a way of reducing the overall societal impact of actions like the ones you've taken in the past.
Thank you - this is some really helpful, practical advice. I completely agree that stopping the cycle is the very important thing - and I will definitely find and donate to relevant charities. I just want to be clear that I never shared the images people sent me - but I fully understand that catfishing and any behaviour in this sphere is still very very wrong.
yeah sorry I should have clarified, I totally get that what you did wasn't revenge porn, it was just the closest harm I could think of that might have associated charities.
No need to apologise! Thank you so much for your advice
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kspqfe/always_the_girl_they_talk_about_their_crush_to_13/
Hello all, my first time posting! Though reading through other people's honest and thoughtful posts is very heart-wrenching, and I appreciate this community a lot. I would like to vent a bit too. I am young woman in her late 20s, who has never had a boyfriend. I recently decided to re-read a journal I kept in high school, which spanned my sophomore and junior years. There was one constant thread that ran through it that just crushed me - I had multiple entries where I would note a boy had suddenly started messaging / texting me more, and I could read the giddy little tone that I was excited this person might "like like" me. And then, a few weeks later, an entry expressing dismay that that boy just told me he had a massive crush on my friend (often the same friend). There was also specifically one boy who messaged me every day and always hung out with me in school, who over the course of 2 years went from crushing on one of my friends, to another (I also read a journal entry about a Valentine's Day in which he gave a Valentine to his crush and then around 6 of his other female friends, but not me.) This happened with about 6 different boys, and even though it was all more than a decade ago, I felt that gnawing feeling inside all over again, as if it were yesterday. I guess, because, it feels like it has continued to happen that way, even long into my adult life. In college, there were many guys who became my friend solely to seek emotional support as they had a break-up / had a crush on someone else (not even like we were friends prior, but suddenly reaching out). I consider myself a pretty friendly, sociable person, and maybe that is why guys feel comfortable with me? But I feel like I'm at a loss for what to do if I actually want someone to be with ME? I don't know, I guess I am just rambling. Any other guys / girls have this experience and have any advice?
> he gave a Valentine to his crush and then around 6 of his other female friends, but not me   That's brutal. My heart goes out to you, OP.
As someone who never dated a girl, I found that the girls I have talk to when they are having guy issues want a guy's perspective. Sometimes it would them telling me how they felt about a guy or complaints. I don't know if this is good advice or not, but sometimes being blunt to them can help. I'm sorry if it's bad advice, but I feel like it's sometimes an insecurity issue that's stopping them.
well,is probably that they dont see in a sexual light but in a ''one of the dude's'' girl,a non-sexual perceived girl they feel comfortable around  &#x200B;  therefore they seek you as a way to have a female friend without all the stress and worries that usually come from male-female relations,as well using the fact you are a non-sexual entity as a way to seek advice and female comfort without worrying about making things akward  &#x200B;  now,why they dont see you in a romantic or sexual manner escapes me,as i dont personally know you
I read your post and it made me feel sadder than I am right now but thank you for sharing and I hope things get better for you I am sorry for what you went through 😞😞
[deleted]
I am sorry you are feeling those painful memories from the past again.  I can understand how awful that must be.  Have you asked many guys out?  Based on what you have said here, it seems like you are approaching this pretty passively - but obviously my impression could be wrong
I mean it seems like the guys liked to hang out with you so I reckon you’re probably fun to be around. The last girl I fell really hard for was like that, she was funny as hell too. Idk. If you ever want to chat please hit me up I’m typically bored and down to bitch about or discuss whatever. ✌🏻
Ahh, thank you, I still remember that day / feeling so well...a little addendum, when he realized at the end of the day that he didn't give me one (since he messaged me every single night), he was so apologetic and shocked it almost made me feel worse, if that makes sense. And then he had the audacity to "make up for it" by changing his profile picture to me and him with a little smiley face caption, and I felt like it was such a misleading consolation, and everyone then thought he liked me even though I absolutely knew he didn't. Sigh.
Not bad advice! Appreciate you taking time to comment :) Yeah, who knows what is on the mind of HS boys ahah
No, I hadn't. There usually wasn't enough time haaha. Like I said, it wasn't like long-standing forever friends that I harbored feelings for, but more like a new friend who suddenly expresses interest in talking to me. And then within a few weeks of me thinking it was going somewhere, and considering asking them out, boom, the confession that they wanted me to help them with another girl.
I have actually! Throughout college especially. Asked people out to dinner or ice cream, or to be my date to various dances and events and such. I didn't outright say "I am asking you on a romantic date." But I feel like "Would you want to get dinner with me?" or "Will you be my date to formal?" should get that same message across, right? I
That's kind of you to say! Whatever happened with that girl?
Oh ya I think that would get the message across for sure.  I'm sorry, that's hard.
Just wasn’t into me, we stayed friends though. Such is life.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kst6u0/often_feel_like_i_have_no_intrinsic_value/
Sure, I may be able to find a woman someday, but even then I feel like she won't truly love me for me, but only for something that I bring to the relationship, such as a good job, good money (which I don't currently have), or an increased social status. Every single person wants these things, and strives to attain them. But there's a staggering difference in the effects of having or not having them between more and less attractive people.  It feels like if you're attractive, you don't *have* to have any education, or money, or artificially acquired status. Your face is your business card. It alone means that people will look up to you and treat you with respect, and women will go after you or at least not reject you when you go after them. The rest quite literally doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if you're a drug addict without a job, living on government assistance. Your face will do the talking and the girls will follow. People won't be so quick to judge you either. That doesn't mean that you shouldn't pursue an education or a career, or that having those things won't put the already attractive guy in an even better situation, but what I'm getting at is that it isn't absolutely essential. You already have value that is tied to your face, and barring some disfiguring accident or illness that value cannot be taken away, no matter what.  And then you have the unattractive guy. Unattractive guys seem to have very little intrinsic value. It's almost like by holding down a job and contributing to society, you're constantly trying to explain why society should even tolerate you. And remember what I said about how good-looking guys get treated even if they haven't got their lives 100% in order? If you're unattractive and unemployed, poor, etc., you're treated like junk. It's almost like you might as well not exist. And when you do get a job and start doing better financially, it's like you always know that any respect you are given is purely due to your position, not because they respect you deep-down as a person. And if you ever lose your acquired "status" all that respect will simply evaporate.   One of the most painful areas where this applies is love and romance. I had a realization a while back ablut how the experience of losing one's job is different for attractive and unattractive men. If an attractive man in a stable relationship loses his job, he usually thinks "How am I going to provide for my wife and kids?" "How am I going to prevent us from selling the house?" "How do I keep my kids happy?" At no point does he worry about his wife leaving, in fact the thought probably never crosses his mind because he knows she loves him for something other than his money.  Then you have the average guy who loses his job and does start to worry about how he will tell his wife and how she will react if she finds out. And then finally you have the unattractive guy, in whose case it is often clear not only to himself but to the people around him, that if he's poor or unemployed for any extended period of time, his marriage is toast. This is almost never said in such a clear way, but it's heavily implied and people just instinctively know it.   The moment I had this realization was a few months back when I watched a movie, whose title I can't remember or even the plot, but the one scene that stuck with me was when a relatively unattractive, maybe low-average guy was involved in some sort of accident where he sustained a broken femur and there was no guarantee he'd be able to return to work. At one point his colleague, whom he was not on very good terms with came to visit him in the hospital. They quickly got into another argument and the other guy just leaned over and got right in his face and said "What about your wife, though? You think she doesn't have any other options? You really think she'll want to stick around a loser who can't even work?" The moment that scene occurred, I couldn't help but think how things would be different if the guy had been more attractive. His colleague probably wouldn't have said that and even if he did, it wouldn't pack as much punch because it'd be far less likely to be true.  Ok, rant over.
By definition, how people treat you does not determine your intrinsic value. You have as much intrinsic value as anyone else... which depending on your beliefs may be nothing or a lot.  If it helps, try to focus on strictly factual information. If you can't control something, like your face or height, don't worry about it. That doesn't determine your character. What matters is how you treat people and what effort you put in to improve the things you can change about yourself. The end result isn't important, as bad as it might feel to try and seemingly get nothing in return from others. If you at least make an honest effort, you can hold your head high knowing you did all you should have and things simply didn't work out. Some people are inevitably going to lose the game of life, sometimes through no fault of their own, but even if you never find happiness with others, not hating yourself at least makes life slightly more bearable to endure.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksqx0y/once_again_ive_been_ghosted_after_she_saw_my/
It always goes like this. Initially they are invested in the convo, they ask you questions, they show general interest, then comes the dreaded question.  Without fail, anytime I send my picture, any other messages I send after are left unopened with no reply.   It's so tiring. And yet some of my friends would gaslight me and say I'm not trying hard enough.
My friends tell me that it’s always my fault that I don’t get anyone to like me too, even the girl I have dreamt about being with for 2 in a half years completely ghosted me and rejected me. After a while I just felt indifference to the world around me, like I’ve stopped looking and started to accept the harsh conditions and realities of what it means to be a human with disadvantages.  The universe doesn’t give you what you want unfortunately nor are you entitled to have what you crave so much. Once you stop taking things personally and just live you stop caring about it for a while.  The pain might strike again, but it’s only natural, that I stopped fighting it. Look at philosophers like Schopenhauer, Diogenes and nietzsche. They all had tragic romantic lives with loneliness and rejection from the world around them but they found ways to stop caring about everyone around them and started to learn skills or practice a virtue.
[deleted]
I’m assuming r4r or something since all other online dating platforms require pictures. Unless OP just used some random pics and zero pics of themselves.   But I’m also curious
I've met some people (who mostly ghosted me after a few days) while playing games, it usually happens if you aren't looking for anyone
On Snapchat, personally.
Snapchat
Wish I knew how you meet random people on Snapchat
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksrvve/nights_are_an_emotional_torture/
As a general rule, I try to avoid being on any type of social media-esque sites like Reddit, which has long since lost its luster, and even more so subs like this that don’t exactly promote the type of thinking that I need to engage in in order to be able to get through the year without driving myself insane, but I feel like you guys are the only ones who really get it. My friends either just do a bunch of “true, same, for real” analysis or think I’m just being melodramatic. I obviously can’t talk to my parents about this kind of stuff. I can usually sleep off the day without thinking about being forever alone, but I guess nights are when all of the emotional pain and discomfort that I’ve been forcing away begins to make it’s way back to the surface. I can’t help but feel hopeless about any sort of romantic future for a multitude of reasons. I see good people, both men and women and everyone else in between and outside lose a capacity to love as intensely as they once did with each successive relationship. Good people getting ghosted for no reason, making desperation throws on tinder and bumble with no success, or just plain old rejection. It seems like genuine love is just atrophying, and being privy to all of this puts me in some really deep emotional pits. I can’t get any rest or sleep because of it, and the worst part is that I can’t really confide in anyone who’ll take me seriously. Good luck, I hope you’re all better off than I am.
I empathize with you. Nights are tough when those thoughts come in, I’ve even called in sick at work because of it.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksbqbz/its_ok/
I accepted it I’m going to be alone forever. It suck but it’s true. My closet friend are either married or in serious relationships. Maybe I had hope that I would find somebody when I was younger. Maybe my parents terrible relationship messed me up and made it hard for me to find love. When I was in college I use to tell myself that I was just to busy to date but in reality I just never had anybody interested in me. I realize now that in my 29 years of existence I have never been anybody’s crush not once. Relationship to me use to seem like a secret club everybody around me knew how to get into but nobody would tell me how. I tried all different forms of self improvement with no success. Their still night that I wish I had somebody next to me in my bed. And their are days that I wish I had somebody in my corner. But in the end I guess love isn’t for everyone.
It sucks when you were never someone's 1st option. I also feel the same way as you do. I dont know how guys can land girls so easily even when they just broke up with their ex or etc. Meanwhile, we try make moves and we get called out as pervert, creep and etc. It really hurts. I mean we are still human beings at the end of the day :/
Same brotha I tried being an easy a I tried being gay I tried being straight I tried being fat I tried being skinny twice all with no avail no one had a crush on me ever it’s sad I’m looking into becoming a nullo
hi, for what is worth it im only  3 years youngr and i agree, it is not that im busy with live but more like life is just too damn busy for me, if you want to chat to complain together feel free to send me a message, i just cant manage it on my own since it haas beeen years since im aregular reddit user,
My husband lost his virginity at 37, had his first relationship at 45. I realize that’s not super normal, but the movie is called “The 40 y/o Virgin,” not “The 29 y/o Virgin.” You still have a ways to go. I was giddy, school-girl-crush, madly in love with my husband when I met him, and he also felt like nobody would ever have a crush on him. He’d never have a passionate, exciting relationship with someone he was really attracted to. He thought maybe he’d eventually settle out of desperation. Now he’s married with a kid.
I am not okay with the fact that I am alone, I am angry, and I have every right to be. Somehow everyone sees it as bad when an ugly man complains, but normal people get to complain loudly about their relationships and no one gives a fuck.
This post touched me, and it didn't need too many words to do so.  I'm sorry man, I can imagine it gets old after a while.  The saddest part about it all is there is probably a huge pool of available, also lonely women around you, but the hardest part is figuring out which ones fit that category.  And those women who are also approaching the 30's age group probably complain that there are no decent guys available.  All the good ones are already taken, leaving only the dicks.  Being attractive seems to be the secret to dating success, at least when looking without having a connection from someone or at your workplace.  If you're shy or not very good with witty chit chat, that certainly adds to the stress and reduces the chances of a spontaneous meeting that results in an exchange of numbers.  So what can we do? I suppose nothing and just hope something happens, which it rarely does.  Play the laws of probability and hit up anything that remotely resembles an even fair example of the opposite sex, and hope that by shear numbers, one of them would turn into something.  Better ourselves by dressing fashionably, wear cologne, appear to be a friendly outgoing person by hanging in the presence of the same?  Find a hobby that would impress the opposite sex? Join a shitty band and try to land some gigs at the local bars? Hit the gym hard to lose the extra baggage and tone up?  I guess all these things could help some, but it would be great if there was a magic formula.  Some guys just seem to be really good at it.  They may not be incredibly handsome, or shredded, or even a full head of hair, yet they know how to talk to women.  They carry a certain confidence.  They reek of it.  I've had my fair share of relationships.  I've been dumped, divorced, cheated on, ghosted, abandoned.  I'm not bad looking.  Not anything that anyone would brag about either.  I was scrawny for most of my life.  The first thing I did after losing my wife was to step into a gym for the first time at age 31.  It took my 5 years of daily lifting and protein shakes to make a noticeable difference.  While my shape improved, I also noticed that my confidence improved.  I still couldn't small talk someone's grandma for more than a minute, but I felt less like a total loss and that I could actually figure something out.  I managed to date some women... most from [match.com](https://match.com).  A couple I met in passing.  But I had a connection for both of those in passing.  It pays to know people.  I had a second job after my divorce as a bartender.  Holy hell, what a life saver.  I met so many people.... and I controlled the flow of alcohol!  I learned how to shoot the shit with people at this job.  I learned to smile even when I had no reason to.  I think I have the man's version of resting bitch face.  I could just be sitting somewhere at a gathering, and someone would ask... what's the matter?  Aren't you having a good time?  Like, no... I'm fine. I'm just sitting here.  Why would you ask?  Well you just look sullen.  God that was painful.  So, lesson learned.  Try to smile more.   Anyway, I think it's all about confidence.  When you are alone long enough, that confidence is stripped away to nothing.  When I was involved in a relationship, I never had any problems talking to women.  I wasn't trying to entice them.  Just friendly.  I got a lot more attention that way and I wasn't even looking for it.  I had nothing to gain from the attention. When single and more desperate, and I was seeking attention... crickets.  So I know that from here on, I am going to engage like I don't care what happens.  It's that skill that the guys who never struggle have.  No stagefright.  No awkwardness.  It's like they don't care.  She tells you to kick rocks after you engage her?  Ok will do.
Who's calling you a pervert?
One girl back then when I liked her. She hated how I look that she resorted to calling me names and spreading rumors to everyone that I was harassing her. -__-
Damn, I'm sorry.
Was this at school or work? Whatever, very immature of her.
Its okay
School. It was 8 years ago. We were 16-17.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksqn3t/sigh/
Depression is the hardest thing I deal with on a day to day basis. Im sat here without any motivation, without any hope, and all I wanna do is curl up in bed and pretend to be dead, but I cant, because I did that earlier. I would be doing everyone a lot of favours if I just curled up and died, I feel it would be good. I really dont matter, Im unlovable.   Im the broken toy your dad cant fix, im the one sock with a hole in it, that bear you left at a beach when you were 7 and cant remember. Im disposable, unfixable and replaceable. Im a pain in everyones backside, good for nothing and I just cause issues. I feel like a waste of space, although I dont deserve the air I breathe.  I want to matter, and I want to feel like I should and can. But my mind takes me back to the yelling, the hitting, all the things that were said to make me believe I was the one at fault, like these mistakes were mine and not my abusers. I think back to school and all the times I was bullied, laughed at, strangled. The amount of jokes I was the subject of.   I think back to visiting my nan, my abusive father would go off with her in the kitchen and me and my sister would sit in the living room and she would start hitting me, kicking me, pushing me onto the floor. I would always leave so heavily bruised. And if I dared to even think of telling on her I would be told Im trying to ruin his day with his mum, and my sister would hit me 10 times harder next time.  My oh so perfect sister who could never put a foot wrong. Everyones favourite child. Everyone always gave her attention, always such positive affirmations and I was told to shut up and sit in the corner. I was always the mistake, I was always told I was. My mother just reconfirms what my father said. She hasnt seen my sister since 2015 and I swear she would so much more prefer it was me she couldnt see anymore.  And dare I bring up my depression, anxiety or schizophrenia. God no. Im just moaning, its normal, I should just cope with it alone. Dont take the pills they give you, they'll make your head blow up, or even worse theyll make you fat. I swear thats all any of them care about is how they look, their stupid fucking reputations. It drives me insane.   For nearly 20 years I have had to push down these feelings of depression, anxiety, not mention the things I hear or see. Not tell anyone I self harmed, or tried to kill myself. No no, because if anyone overheard me say it, how would that make her look? Its only now Im away from them all Im able to breathe a little. But really, is this fight even worth it? What am i even fighting for? I dont have anyone, no love or friends, just me. Why should I fight? What do I have worth staying for? One thing Ive learnt is depression doesnt go away, so I wont be fighting to have a clear head, or happy thoughts.   Most people have someone to fight for. They fight for their partner, their best friend, their parents, their cat, their brother or sister, daughter, son. But I dont have anything. Everyone always gets sick of me, maybe I was born to simply die. Maybe thats my purpose? I always fuck up, no wonder nobody wants me here. Maybe lifes not for everyone.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksl8bp/apparently_sadis_just_a_normal_state_for_me_now/
Im tired of expressing myself in real life anymore, nobody actually wanna know anyway, and the therapy is expensive af, got no time for that... I guess I just need to accept this horrible life, and hopefully will die in peace asap. Im professional at faking my emotions now :)
I have a lot of mood swings and being sad is one state of them. When anger turns into sadness, it's a good day by my standards. Similar to what you say, i also feel a need to hide my emotions so they're not that visible from the outside. Not sure if i always manage that.
At this point I'm very exhausted and don't want to bother with putting in the effort to appear more sociable by faking emotions and personality like a smiley customer service representative or a psychopath (though I can't see the difference, lol jk). I still won't express myself but instead of a more sociable persona you'll probably get a permanent resting bitch/sad face.
I'm so sorry to hear that. Therapy being expensive is definitely an awful phenomenon and a disservice to so many people.   The silver lining is that I'm sure so many people are here and willing to listen. You can message me if you ever need to talk or share something cathartic.
Nothing matters when you’re ugly. Life is only worth living as an attractive person.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksauly/i_just_want_a_hug/
It's 5:40am, i haven't slept...  I just really want a hug  :( I've never hugged anyone before, i desperately long to, but i likely never will
(((((((((((BIG HUG)))))))))))
I'm in precisely the same scenario. Except for the time.
Virtual hug to you mate
Have a hug buddy!
Same bro
There there
\\(\*\_\_\_\_\_\*)/   huge virtual hug for you
Virtual hug, mate!  Same, never hugged anyone (including family) since I was a baby.
𝙱𝚒𝚐𝚐 𝙷𝚞𝚐𝚐𝚜𝚜𝚜 (✿^‿^)
for what it is worth, i would hug yoou for a minute if we were in the same country
Same buddy
<(•~•<)   Hugs
Yea, i haven't even hugged family too ;^;  I can remember trying to when i was little and my mom pushing me off lol   I'd hug you if I could
<(;-;<)
I'd take any hugs you're willing to give
Hey man, thanks a lot. Means a lot more than people can imagine.
You don't have to thank me  :)  I know how much it means sometimes to just be told someone would hug you  :/
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ks3mjc/so_i_asked_a_sex_worker_her_honest_opinion_of_me/
Hello, I'm new here, I'm 25, never had a girlfriend. A year ago I started regularly seeing an escort not only for sex but also to just temporarily not be lonely. Sort of like girlfriend role play videos on YouTube, but in real life. Anyway, I moved and decided to ask her honest opinion of me. She said:   "sweet, naive, socially awkward, very smart, excellent manners."
That's not so bad.  How did you feel about what she said?
Feel like she avoided mentioning your appearance.
They don't sound like bad points honestly.   Sweet, don't think girls wouldn't want a sweet guy for keeps.   Naive? You're 25, never had a girlfriend, only have sex with maybe one girl (this escort) and that's it. You might be naive, but better naive than jaded to the heartbreaks of the world.   Socially awkward? I call it selectively sociable. You don't have to click with everyone or be an extrovert. For the right people you would be both!   Very smart, excellent manners. Because god forbid girls nowadays would pass up a guy who's got brains and is a gentleman not a lout.   &#x200B;  You're not doing bad already honestly. The worst thing you could have heard from an escort you pay for sex is her telling you "you're good money for me" and leaving it at that.
"All about personality" my flipping foot.
I know of a friend who paid an escort just to have a therapy session with her
Sounds like she was describing a child  Cute, sweet, naive and socially ackward is not something you want women to describe you as, so at least now you know what you need to work on
I’m really sorry to say that but she probably tried to say what she thought you would like to hear. Again, i’m not trying to be edgy or anything. Sorry again.
I see two negatives in that list of adjectives. She said that you were naïve. Did you ask her what you were naïve about? As far as I know that could mean anything.
She respectfully flamed you
[deleted]
sorry to be "that guy", but  "naive" and "socially awkward" are pretty bad personality traits in adults  &#x200B;  they are acceptable for kids to have, but less so for adults.
That's not bad at all, i ask one the same question and she said "lol"
I’m even too socially awkward and full of anxiety to even do what you did.
Not listed: attractive. Welcome to the club.
Could be worse certainly,  but really,  how can you expect an honest opinion here? At least not a sugar coated version of it?  Her livelihood depends on pleasing and soothing the egos of her clients. You are her income. It's doubtful she would ever say how she really felt about you, assuming she feels anything at all.
ergh...I would be insulted. Especially at the naive part.
[deleted]
You expected a woman who takes your money to have sex with her to give her opinion of you?  Why yes, whenever I try and sell a product I tell the customer they look like shit too.  But I guess she wasn't completely lying, she did call you naive.
[removed]
Pretty much what I expected.
Well I specifically asked her opinion on my personality. I’ve already done multiple photofeeler tests, gone on amiugly and rateme subreddits on various accounts and I’m always rated average.  I get a decent amount of matches online
Naivete and socially awkwardness can both be turn offs though.  So, this post doesn't actually support it not being about personality.
Maybe it's just me but i'd rather open upto a random girl on the street than to an escort..
Yeah, that's the only reason I asked her, to figure out what to work on.
It’s how my mom describes me basically.
We've been described as "stuck at the teenage stage of psychosocial development", a description that's usually pretty accurate.
Well I moved thousands of miles away and she knew about it, even said good bye and stuff, never paying or seeing her again
You don't say. Why do you think I'm here.
Hi, I would invite you present your views on the following:   https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ks3mjc/so_i_asked_a_sex_worker_her_honest_opinion_of_me/gie33ux?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
That’s entirely subjective.  When it comes to personality preferences, there are plenty of “bad” personalities that people like.
Tbh I specifically asked her opinion on my personality. I’ve done so many photofeeler tests, rateme requests on that subreddit and more, apparently I’m a 5/10. So yeah, not attractive, or ugly.  I get a decent amount of matches online.
So as I said previously, I moved thousands of miles away, she knows it, never paying again. We had a business relationship, IDK if that's her true opinion or not, but I'll take it in consideration.
OP did ask for honesty and there are worse ways to describe a person.
Why? Specifically about the naive part.
meh,a women being honest at what i am is a good thing  &#x200B;  platitudes and ''you are great Sw3eTy!!''  only mean you keep doing the same wrong shit over and over  &#x200B;  if someone told you ''you look ugly as fuck'',you can try to improve looks or take a surgeon (in the most extreme cases)     if they told you ''you are akward as fuck'',then you can try to improve your social skills
Hmm... well let's see, I'm on a FA subreddit, obviously I'm going to talk about not having a relationship. What, do you really think I don't have many other things in my life going on. If you post on a political subreddit, all of a sudden is the only thing that matters in your life politics?  I'm just saying her words, not mine, that's what she said.
Hmmm... well let’s see I moved thousands of miles away, she’s fully aware I’m never giving her another cent, she has zero reason to lie.  We both knew we simply had a business relationship and can talk freely. You seem to fail basic comprehension.  Plus it’s not like this is my only point of reference, there’s plenty of other ways to try to get better etc...
I think he meant "like girlfriend role-playing videos", not "for watching role-playing vidoes"
Lol I didn’t pay her to watch YT with me, I paid to fuck her then after just cuddle in bed talking or enjoying her presence.
However it does paint sweetness, smarts and well-manneredness as traits so feeble in appealing to the opposite sex, that shyness is not overshadowed, yet, even the most deluded normies would agree that the same degree of shyness would not hinder a good-looking person from finding a partner, even though they may lack other personality traits like smarts or manners.   How then, do the remarks received by op not go to towards undermining the value of personality in attraction?
Hi, this was my response to your comment that you so conveniently deleted quite quickly, quoted below:  > Personality is not the same as morality   So you're insinuating that people such as OP are immoral, and that being chronically single as a sweet, smart individual with excellent manners is unmistakably a result of moral bankruptcy?   1. Kindly point to the specific part of the post where op comes off as immoral.    2. Also, if you consider loose morality to be the factor that hinders one's romantic/sexual success, kindly explain the romantic success of Ted Bundy, Charles shobraj and amber heard by pointing to evidence of their resolute moral fiber.
I wonder about flipping that argument; how similar is that particular girls clients to the average dude on the street?  Is there any difference at all or is she comparing him to her clients or is she comparing him to rando dudes she meets when she's not working?  Its kind of an important question.  Its 10 degrees warmer today than yesterday; does that mean its hot or cold or inbetween outside?  Donno.
[removed]
Oh ok. Maybe it was honest then.
Check out the book “No More Mr. Nice Guy”.
well, assuming you are a boss hiring someone for an important position   if someone put "naive" and "socially awkward" down on their CV and interview questions as their "qualities"....  why does that make them a good candidate for the job?
really? my employment agent told me that those are really bad traits to accidentally show in any interview
Ah, nevermind then.
What reason has she to tell you the truth then?  > You seem to fail basic comprehension  lol. denial is a powerful drug my friend. Best of luck.
Completely irrelrvant to your post but I've heard that most expensive escorts aren't available for sex.. is that true?
spot on, attractive guys can get away with everything
Being smart can be negative if one is socially awkward. Like someone that infodumps about something they know about. Like does he know how to use his smart to be interesting or funny?   Being sweet is probably a good positive personality trait but one trait may not be enough depending on the situation and other aspects such as the social akwardness. (note if the word nice was  used instead I would say that can often be a negative personality trait but sweet generally has positive connations) Also, if by being sweet she means a good person than again as I said before in the thing that was deleted,  morality is not the  same thing as personality.    Having good manners may just be the bare minimum depending on the situation.   He didn't actually mention shyness.
No, sweetness, smarts, and good manners are always desired in a man, but women also want their boyfriend to not be a doormat.  There is too much of a good thing.
Deleted it for a completely different reason.   My point was that being a good person is not the same thing as having a good personality. Immoral peopel are often very charming. (edit- I should've had said immoral people are sometimes charming. Immorality itself isn't charming)
I’ve been running 4-5 miles and lifting 6 days a week or every day 5 years at this point. It does quite little.  I wish this exercise talking point would fucking die. “Oh! You should be running 6 miles a day! Women will be all over you! Your anxiety will wither!”
I don't think you read the comment carefully.     Allow me to explain using your analogy.     Let's say you're a hiring manager and you're hiring a professional "dating executive". Nobody would put negative traits about themselves on their resume (OP didn't tell the woman he is naive, she determined it), so let's assume that after a round of interviews, you found the following personality traits:     > "sweet, naive, socially awkward, very smart, excellent manners."     Of course, your decision would also be influenced by physical traits which are to be considered given the position for which you're hiring. Since it is a post on *this* sub, the assumption is that the candidate is below-average on that front.     Of the personality traits, the two you mentioned are, of course, bad traits, and the remaining three are good, and the candidate is quite strong as far as those traits are concerned. Of course, each candidate will have some good traits and some bad, so, you're weighing the pros and cons that each candidate presents.     Yet, the decision you've made with this candidate is a clear no (analogous to OP being rejected by a woman)     Now, ponder the following points:  1. Given that the candidate was strong in the positive traits he *did* have ("very smart"), why could he not have been hired on those merits? Is that not clearly because he held mastery in traits that don't carry as much weight for the position (personality matters very little)?  2. Let's assume that as far as personality traits go, the candidate was plainly average in his positive traits but, but also did not have the negative traits you determined, with physical traits being the same. Would your decision be influenced to a yes? (as much as you may deny this, we both know it wouldn't)  3. Given that it's an accepted industry practice to be hiring physically excellent candidates who may have less-than-impressive personality traits (good looking people are at an advantage in dating regardless of personality, which is well-known, though it is non-insurmountable) that go on to well in this position, would your decision not be a yes if the positive personality traits were not as strong but physical traits were above average? (yes, it would) If yes, would it not be because the physical traits held far more weight in your decision?  One conclusion remains unequivocal: "personality" counts for too little in the dating world for it to be of any tangible significance.
Sure, they want you to be a good worker. I was assuming we’re talking about romantic interest type stuff.  You could mold your personality to be the best worker but there’s no reason that correlates with happiness or meaning
It depends on what job you want like it depends on what kind of relationship you want.  I can assure you that for a position as software developer in a small team I'd hire a socially awkward person hundred times over an overconfident person.  It should be the same for relationships. A woman who is extroverted and likes to go out often and get to know new people of course doesn't want a socially awkward partner.   But there are lots of happy introverted couples content with a small social circle of people they know for ages.  The problem with shyness from a male perspective really is the difference between courtship phase and relationship phase. A personality that might be completely fine for a relationship never gets there because we can't do courtship.
As I said, it’s just one nugget of many of trying to figure things out.   You seem to think this escort’s opinion is the only one I’m going off of. I’ll take it in consideration, along with assessments.
Interested to know if true.
Idk, I always saw mid level like a few hundred an hour, never saw the “expensive” ones. The mid level definitely are available for sex
Not saying i'm an adonis but i'm 6 4 and decent shape but I didn't get laid until I was 19 because I am extremely shy and I only got laid by using a personality entirely different to my own.
How convenient of you to be qualifying what you said after realizing that it was bull$h!t and deleting it.   Still, you clearly mean that being a good person is vital to being attractive. How to you aim to buttress this claim?  Why then are there so many abusive relationships?  And do heed that you are yet to explain the examples I presented.
I never said exercise will cause women to be all over you and anxiety will go away though? I said it helps. Fuck me for trying to help you sorry sobs  Having been a past FA myself, I thought I would share what helped me mentally overcome my obstacles.  Or you can keep blaming the world and hating yourself. Go nuts.
well i've worked in retail jobs so:  "socially awkward" is the person you assign to the stock room - not someone you want walking around the shop   "naive" - a lukewarm trait - it's OK but not someone you want in a customer service position  "very smart" - good and bad. "smart" is good but you don't want them being obnoxious about what they know
well i'm a teacher " sweet, naive, socially awkward" are words i'd use on my student reports   they're words you use to describe kids
well my grandparents are both autistic. they managed to find each other so i think it is possible.  He was the one who did the main part of the courting though.
> You seem to think this escort’s opinion is the only one I’m going off of  Of course I am, your post is literally "I asked an escort her opinion of me and this is what she said".
I never actually said being a good person is vital to being attractive.
I don’t blame anyone but myself for the situation that I’m in. You don’t know me. I hate the person I am every day.
So you're saying that "sweet", "well-mannered" and "very smart" are traits that do not befit one of a customer service position if they have trepidation in social interaction to some degree, and an imbecile social butterfly would be better even though they may be just alright in terms of manners?  Is this not because certain traits have a greater weight that others in determining who is fit for a customer service position?
Fine with me. You’d also describe kids as curious and energetic, right?
Ok, then to be clear, hers is one of several I’m taking into consideration, including a friend who’s a girl whom I see for free. Also including a guy friend who slays. Anyway, it is what it is.   I just thought it’d be interesting to hear what a sex worker thinks, and post it, since I normally don’t care, I thought maybe she’d have some insight I didn’t know of.
i think im a lot more familiar with it than you think. i spent an entire month locked away for suicide attempts, you dont get committed for that long (in a room with see through walls and door) unless you are a danger to yourself or others.   in my case i wanted to end it all because i hated everything about myself.   the way i see it, you can either wallow in your self-hatred (which becomes a defense mechanism, a crutch), or you can do what i said above and most likely see some positive changes.  up to you.
i'm not saying you can't learn to be better. I had to attend a customer service training course before they let me walk around the store.  but last time i checked, dating and even just finding and making friends is based on having social skills.
well:  "too curious" - is teacher code for "kid asks way too many questions in class that derails the lesson"  "energetic" - can be teacher code for "kid is disruptive in class because they can't stay still for the important bits"
Look man, I try to fill my time with hobbies. I try to be sociable and get along with my family and the few friends I have left. I try to cultivate my career opportunities, yet my current path remains a dead end. You get the point.   My life is still meaningless and empty. "Most likely" see some positive changes. Even you admit it yourself - sometimes this shit doesn't work.
> i'm not saying you can't learn to be better.  Please point to part where I attributed such a remark to you. I never said that you said such a thing, nor am I saying that.  You're not replying to anything I've asked. You've shown that you either lack the capacity to comprehend words or have come here with the preconception that people on this sub are not worth being listened to or reasoned with due to their romantic/sexual failures.  I would appreciate it if you would respond to at least one of the points that I've put forth.
Yeah, a balance/moderation is good. Idk about generalizing whats a good personality trait based on what makes kids easy to teach, though  I could see naivety (for example) being bad if it was extreme. That probably goes for most traits though, right?  It’s just the way I see it of course, but that’s my point, different people like different things about people. Maybe I’m just defending myself, though lol
Then change your path. Move. Get a new job. Move countries. Do something drastic. What do you have to lose? Sounds like not a whole lot.  Yes I do admit it but I also think it's always worth trying and giving your 100%. Usually the 20% are people that can't have any friends (or the friendships they do have aren't friendships at all).   I think you have hope friend. I think most people on this sub truly do
[removed]
There happens to be an economic recession caused by a global pandemic. Let me go find the nearest job tree dude.  I've done a shit ton of traveling too in my life, especially over the past few years. Doesn't mean anything the second I arrive home. I'm in the same place.  >I think you have hope friend. I think most people on this sub truly do  Hope. I don't think you know what that word means.
Excuse me?  Instead of using hollow and immature taunts, perhaps it would help if you'd make an argument, if that's your intention.
Ok! You're right man. Your life is trash and always will be. Have a good day
[removed]
No, I think you’re under the impression that I don’t try. And I do.
You needed two tries to write one comment and it was still as crass and substanceless as it was.   I do not wish to have a dialogue with a malicious bully such as you.  Good day.
Then how are you not happy? One thing I learned as I grew out of my FA attitude was learning to live and have fun and enjoy life without basing my happiness on if someone loves me or not.   If I'm single for the rest of my life, so be it. I still have friends that I can joke around with and laugh with.Video games to play. Music to make or listen to. Movies to watch. Tv shows to binge.   I'm not even happy with my current situation but I recognize it's me who's standing in my way. Nothing else.   Not my apperance. Or my awkwardness. Those are all in my mind.   For most FA it's in their mind too. Statistically speaking you're most likely not a hideous slob. There's something else that you can't see yet that's holding you back  Tl;dr unless you're genuinely autistic, irrefutably ugly, then I'm sorry for saying all this when there is most likely no hope for you.   But I suspect you're an average human being with a mental block, exactly like me when I was younger.
[removed]
Oh forgive me sire for committing the unforgivable sin of editing my comment (which you also did).   >I was trying to keep it light   Referring to me as "it" in a derogatory manner? Would hardly construe that as light sir. Still, now that you mention that lightheartedness was your intention, I'm willing to give you the benefit of doubt.   >You use overly formal language  Not a native speaker. I do it to keep my skills as sharp as can be. Is that considered as rude?   >your rhetorical approach makes it sound like you think everybody else is an idiot   As much as I'd prefer to think I'm a reasonably smart guy, I don't want to give *that* impression. Could you point to a few specific instances where you felt this was so, so that I can avoid this tone in the future? Would you consider that perhaps you're exaggerating?   >you could do with a charitable view of the other persons intentions   Will certainly try to do this. Maybe I got carried away. However, if I do detect unmistakable malice in someone's intentions, I will not be afraid to call them out.   It's quite late where I am. Good night.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksh11h/for_people_that_have_given_up_how_do_you_prepare/

You can never prepare for that, you either choose the pain of trying and failing or the pain of not trying and wondering. Either one can eat away at you until there's nothing left, but if you're lucky you can find other things in life to focus on.
I'm hoping medicine, robotics and space travel advance far enough so that 40 years from now I'll be on Mars exploring the planet while permanently having the body of a 30 year old and an advanced female android to keep me company and satisfy my every need.
You set a cut off point. That being age 40 for me, if I'm still in the same boat at that age, its suicide time. Not having that in mind would feel like torture because the idea of living a full life like this is hell.
By being miserly and investing heavily in my retirement, I am always trying to plan for the future and for possible what ifs?   Best case scenario I am able to live modestly (but still comfortable) when I am too old to work any more.  Worst case scenario I starve/freeze to death in a ditch somewhere.       Now that is a bit extreme, I know but ultimately you cannot live on love alone and personally I would rather be alone and financially secure than alone and slowly starving to death.       The harsh truth is that at the end of the day you got to look out for number 1, you! because nobody and I mean NOBODY, else will!
You dont prepare for it, it gets even harder the older you get. You just have to accept it and live with the harsh reality that you are not attractive enough(the fuck is wrong with our attraction magnet i mean?)
at 26 im more or less accepted that romantic things is not going to happen unless i throw myself at someone at a bar which is not even possible bbecause quarantine covid, but i decided to learn russian with the hope that maybe some russsian people would like to be my friend or fuck me at least
When my body starts failing me and I can only look forward to being put into a home or a terminal illness befalls me, I’ll go on a trip. The last stop of the trip will have me ending up in Alaska ideally.   I’ll then go out into the wilderness as far as my body or a vehicle will take me and then I’ll eat a gun.  I’ll send a letter to my family beforehand so they won’t waste their time and money looking for me.
I just wake up everyday and say fuck i didn’t die in my sleep
Haven't given up, but once I do, I see no other option for me besides suicide.
It’s not doom if you accept it... you just live on
I  lay on my bed and don't get up.  The doom of being forever alone is everyday to me now.
This hits home
would you satisfy for an extraterrestrial woman?
Only if she has three tits, otherwise what's the point ?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kscsoo/never_celebrated_my_birthday_in_my_entire_life/
I was raised as a Jehovah witness and we are not allowed to celebrate birthdays. My birthday is coming in feb when I was small my parents would not let me celebrate my birthday and now I have no one with whom I can celebrate it myself. I'll probably buy myself some alcohol that day as a gift
Happy early cake day
My family is muslim and we don't have birthday culture but they always celebrated my birthday and bought me good things a delicious cake exc. Sometimes I feel like I don't deserve my family.
I did when I was a small child. Haven’t since maybe 8. Now for religious reasons I don’t believe in it, so I don’t care so much
Happy soon birthday! Sorry to hear about not having a childhood full of them.  It's such a special day for little kids.  Makes them feel like they are on top of the world.  Go to a bar on your birthday.  Even if it's alone.  Tell the bartender it's your birthday.  Sit by a couple people at the bar and buy some drinks to toast with.  Tell them this is your first ever birthday celebration.  I can almost guarantee that you will not feel you are celebrating alone then.
Join r/exjw. You'll at least have a group who understands how shitty that is.
Religion really is evil.
Nice man
meh,religion itself is a structure of faith and rituals  this faith/beliefs and rituals can be complex,simple as well good or bad   there is nuance to it
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksfb8q/does_anyone_else_feel_like_one_of_the_reasons/

I’m sure that definitely plays a factor for a lot of people, but in my case, I have never even hugged a girl and my parents never said I couldn’t date until I’m 18.
At this point it's just a cope because at 18, we're still not that far behind. I know lots of kids who didn't date in high school who figured it out pretty quick. Our issue is that we didn't have opportunities before or after that age.
[deleted]
Oh I can definitely see how it may be a factor in terms of dating. Parents in my culture are known for telling their kids to not really date until they have graduated college and had a good job; only for them to turn it around and start demanding grandchildren. I remember seeing and knowing some guys struggled to date or even know how to talk to a girl because they did what exactly what their parents wanted.   Hell, when I was living back at home after college, I remember how my mother would always chastised me for going out with friends on the weekend and not spending time at home. But then one weekend night, I was playing video games and she was going off on a rant about how because of that, I would never find a girl. That set me off, and I went: "Why did you think I was going out all those times? How did you think I was going to get a girlfriend - by having her fall through the roof while I'm sitting at home?" Yea, sometimes, our parents probably meant well, but they are unaware of how it may also hinder us too.
Yeah you got it my my mom told me that growing up so I didn't really engage in anything and I just ended up developing social anxiety and sought connection from the internet and now I'm here.
My parents accidentally taught me it's a sin to even be attracted to someone. I spent my formative years consciously conditioning myself not to look at or interact with women I liked, because I didn't want to burn for all eternity.
No  My parents never talked to me about dating or sex or anything because they never expected me to date as a teenager.
yes definitely, although my parents didn't set an end date such as 18, it was just "do not talk to boys. ever", dating was "unladylike" even in late teens, so by the time I was beyond old enough to have been dating I was so inexperienced compared to those around me that I was basically terrified of interacting with the opposite sex and incredibly, painfully awkward.   I think your teen years are meant for being awkward and figuring things out with other awkward teenagers, it's incredibly difficult to catch up later in life if you miss that, because it becomes humiliating like "whats wrong with you?"
From an older perspective having seen a lot of people grow up, some successfully, some less so, those girls were easy picking at uni vs vastly more experienced boys without parental supervision, and they generally ended up dropping out and going back home single mothers at 19.  Probably not what their parents intended LOL.  Most of the girls I knew in that situation were ethnic and their parents considered them worthless if they didn't become medical doctors so study study study all the time, at home.  I'm sure there were parents with religious reasons also.
That's true, furthermore if you are truly an attractive person I don't think age is a determiner to whether you would find someone.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksmi0f/i_cant_decide_between_ignoring_a_girl_and/
This girl knows I am interested in her and has chose every other better looking boy over me.   If I ignore her/avoid her I feel more pain and makes me want to hate her more which does no good for me mentally.  If I talk to her; I think about her less but it makes me believe there’s hope or a chance of something.  What the fuck do I do? I can’t avoid her completely because of where I am.
There's literally no good answer here. Without being able to cut her out of your life, you're always going to feel pain over her. For normal people, this situation could be remedied by finding another girl to be your lover, but we FAs don't exactly have that privelage.
If you work with this girl just be friendly and professional. It won't be worth the hell of being rejected and then facing her knowing she knows etc.. imo.
Avoid her like she's the plague.
So you've been in the friendzone for what looks like a long time (probably months/years), while she's gone through multiple guys in the interim most of whom probably didn't know her as long and didn't try as hard. How much she really likes you, or doesn't for that matter, is evident based solely off that fact. Now imagine she actually gets with you today and announces she will gladly become your girlfriend. Would you think she really wants to be with you? Do you think if one of those exes came back into her life she wouldn't gladly go back to them rather than stay with you? Do you think she'd actually be more attracted to you or merely keeping you as a placeholder until someone better came along?  I don't think it's difficult to figure out the answers. You clearly aren't her first choice for a boyfriend and probably never will be, no matter what happens. People don't just magically change overnight. Don't be content with being her 4th, 5th, or 6th choice. There are billions of women in the world, many of whom will be willing to date you. Move on.
If she knows that you like her, I don’t think it changes the fact that she might not like you back as more than a friend/acquaintance. I know it’s hard to do, but try to cut her out of your life.   First, try to talk yourself out of thinking about her and imagine that you are better than her and realize that if she doesn’t want you even after knowing you like her, then she can’t have you. Second, keep conversations with her to strictly non-flirty and non-humor. If she makes you laugh/smile or you make her laugh, you are going to feel good about her and that’s just going to make you think about her again, which is what you are trying to avoid. Third, focus on something else in your life. A video game that you’ve never played, Lebron’s statistics for this year, playing Fur Elise on the flute. Something that will take your time away from thinking about this girl.  I used to have anxiety thinking about one girl who was polyamorous and already had a boyfriend who they have been with longer than me. But my jealousy got to me and that’s what caused my anxiety because I was always thinking about her being with the other person and I thought I was losing her (and in the long run, I did). But after she sent one word messages (not normal for her, I could tell she changed after we had a conversation), I cut contact with her by simply not texting her. After I stopped texting her, I wasn’t jealous of the other guy because I didn’t care about her anymore. My anxiety went away because I stopped caring about her. I haven’t heard from her in 2+ years and frankly, I don’t care what has happened to her since then. I know I’m not sounding positive, but at the end of the day, if she is inadvertently affecting your mental health, you need to cut her off, whether instantly or gradually.  Thanks for coming to my TedTalk.  Edit: after actually reading your whole post, talk to her just enough to where you think about her less, but nothing more.
Agree 100%.  You may be lonely or really hooked on her for some reason, but you don't need a partner like this.  You don't need to hate her, or be infatuated with her either.  She is just another person that you can be friendly with when your paths cross, but no more. If you put yourself out there and she wasn't receptive, then it is what it is.  If she doesn't return the interest to you, it's not worth any more of your thought.
What you say about not knowing as long or trying as hard is what hurts the most
Thanks. While it feels good to talk to her like you say I think it’s just a defence mechanism to deal with the fact that she’s stubborn as fuck and would never give me a chance. I don’t know exactly what makes me so undatable but I think about her exes and I literally told her they would all cheat on her before she found them and she was like “you’re the first boy to ever say that” so I knew she was thinking about me as an option but probably thought he’s boring as fuck and has no friends. So decided to date the players and whinge when she gets cheated on. But then I say shit like this and just get called entitled and a nice guy
I don’t even know why. It’s just polarising and I don’t understand it. Maybe it’s the exhilarating fantasy of it that’s making me obsessed and filling this empty void and then when she’s not around or whatever. I wondered if I am in love because it hurts when I see her with other guys right in front of me and I literally hid from them (stupidly obvious) but the pain was so overwhelming. She’s now found someone outside of work thankfully but it still hurts none the less
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksg3fe/do_you_have_any_self_improvement_personal_goals/
It could be losing weight, getting treatment for depression, spending time focusing on a new hobby that interests you, or anything really that is purely for your own benefit.
Not really. I believe the two reasons why I'm FA are:  - I have Aspergers - I don't meet nor approach women irl  While I could try improving my situation on those two points, I absolutely don't have the motivation to.
I plan to go out hiking for a couple weeks when the lockdown eventually ends, and I want to get better at channelling my self-destructive tendencies into writing in the meantime. Mostly though I just want to find a reason to live, nothing else really does anything for me anymore.
Be outside as much as possible
* **Get into shape: note this is different from "losing weight".** Instead of tying all my progress to a single number, I'm instead thinking in broader terms of getting stronger, being more flexible, and so on. I have a spreadsheet of various exercises and every week I test my limits on them, for example. As for why no weight loss, it's not because I'm not overweight. In fact, I'm 30 pounds overweight, it's just that every time I try to lose weight, my mom starts freaking out. I've been overweight for so long that she sees +30 pounds as my baseline, and gets all "I'm worried you're not eating!" whenever I drop a few. It's like...mom, how do you think weight loss is supposed to occur? I've shown her all the growth and BMI charts showing that I'm objectively overweight for my height and age, I've even talked with my doctor, but my mom is still like "But I'm a mother!" and does jack to change her attitude. I have a loving mother but sometimes she needs to mind her own business and understand that losing 5 pounds over the course of 2 months is not starvation. * **I have a few professional projects I've put off for a while that I plan on doing a little bit each day.** It's not for a job (I'm unemployed at the moment, and the jobs I'm looking for have nothing to do with the projects), but it's definitely something related to my overall career. Think about it like a historian writing a book: they're not being paid to write the history book, but publishing it would certainly gain them more name recognition and respect. * **Create a board game. Maybe not publish it, but at least write the full rule book and get a few pen-and-paper prototype boards going.** Ever since I was a little kid I've dreamed of making my own game, and for the past several years as an adult I've bounced around this specific idea of a military strategy game. I've procrasinated and been stuck with "game-maker's block" for the longest time, but within the last month I've finally nailed down the core gameplay concepts (I.e. how does a player win? What is the basic math behind combat results?) and I'm slowly but surely moving to complete it. My basic philosophy is to treat it almost more like a science project than a creative project: instead of sitting around all day thinking of a new combat system, I'll set up an experiment and see what results I get. For example, just yesterday I ran a few tests and found out that it was too easy to find and destroy enemy units.
Deadlift 425, squat 355, and bench 265. I'd like to also get better at making music (I already play an instrument) using maybe ableton/logic or smth.
Yes I want to get better in my job and shool.  Abd I have the dream of finding a partner :)
No.  There's no point.
I would like to finally get a job but I highly doubt that any company will be interested in me
I have a goal if you don't have anything nice to say its better to shut up and mind your own business
Bro i lost 66lbs 2 years ago. It really made me feel better for a long time(around a year) but things started to go back to normal after i realized the only thing that has changed is my body-type, and that my mental state is as garbage as it used to be and that i will be FA wether as a fat guy or a thin guy.so i kinda gave up on the whole self-improving thing
You don't want to do anything at all just for yourself and not the purpose of getting a partner?
Well besides the fact that I never had a girlfriend, I'm fine with my life how it is. I have a good job and financial situation for my age. I still live with my parents so coping with loneliness isn't too hard. I have two online friends and hobbies that I enjoy. So no, I don't feel the need to self improve if it's not for the purpose of getting a partner. But this could change as some point, just probably not in 2021.
That's really good. I guess my question was geared more towards those not satisfied with their lives in other aspects as well. I am happy to hear that you are otherwise satisfied with your life outside of being FA.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ks7azg/the_idea_that_someone_could_ever_love_me_just/
I mean I don't know any of the steps or how it works, but when I imagine even dating someone, the idea that we can somehow get from the stranger or acquaintance stage, to the point where the other person would actually like me just doesn't seem possible; like I can't even picture it happening. Imagining a girl ever saying she loves me too just makes me laugh.  Relationships and receiving love just doesn't seem to be something that is in the cards for me.
Absolutely the same, the thought of someone looking forward to seeing me... to having physical contact with me... its so alien.
I can totally see where you are coming from, especially coming from parents who never validated any of my achievements, and things just not being good enough for them. Ive been trying to work on self-validating and it is just seems so far off and fake.  Unfortunately most people do not take the time to invest in those who do not believe in themselves, so that is the hardest first step is just believing even if it seems fake to you. This is what ive gathered so far.
What makes you think you're unloveable?
Yeah can't imagine what it's like to be mutually in love with someone anymore. The entire concept seems out there. Even friendship. Seems impossible for me.
im going to be honest, it depends on how ugly you are. i f you are not so downright  disgusting looking and are willing to settle down for someone below average you caan get yourself a partner, however it is not only looks and as a woman i tell you the most important thing is personality, i had considered going with non attractive guys (like 3/10)just because they were so damn funny and entrteining and smart and quick. i want to clarify that im not a good source of advice because my lack of romantic life of any kkinnd but the point still stands,
Life is long mate, the time will come, or maybe it won't, you either do something about it or wait.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksexzr/does_anyone_wanna_chat_right_now/
Feeling lonely even tho i hate that word
Dm me
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksd5ju/why_do_i_feel_this_way_when_my_life_isnt_a_lonely/
I don't understand myself. I read what people write here, how they feel and most importantly why they feel it. None of the reasons resonate with me. My family is supportive and loving, always has been. I have a social life and friends I can rely on. So why do I feel that nobody can ever love me? Why can't I go outside? I don't understand how a life can be so screwed up even with positive surroundings. I'm probably going to start seeing a therapist soon. But I hate talking and analysing things because from my experience talking has never solved anything.
That's good that you plan on seeing a therapist. I can tell you from experience that the first few appointments will be a bit awkward, but once you're comfortable with your therapist, then it gets way easier to share.  The idea that you have these questions about ever having someone love you while still having a solid support system from your family and friends is not uncommon. A therapist can really help with that.  Edit: Also a word of advise for therapy is to make sure your therapist can help you. You mentioned you don't have the greatest experience with talking and expressing emotion. If you don't "click" with your therapist after a few sessions, you might want to look for a new therapist. Remember you are paying them a solid chunk of money for a service, and if the service isn't working for you then find someone else that will.
I think there’s a better sub for this r/lonely
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksaqwq/should_you_lie_about_your_fa_status/
What if someone genuinely likes you, and they're just casually trying to know if you're taken. I think it's fine to lie about your virginity, but I think telling everyone you're taken when you're not is basically shooting yourself on the foot.
No don't tell someone you're interested in that you're taken if you're not. That doesn't make sense.   For the most part people outside of the internet won't have a clue about what "forever alone" is. This isn't information you need to volunteer either. If asked you can either dodge the question playfully or just say you've never had a serious relationship. Depending on your age it's not that hard to pass off as no big deal.
I don't see the point. I wouldn't want to lie to someone I like, because if we get close then I'd feel guilty, and why lie to people I don't like? I don't care what they think of me.
It's ok to say you're single right now. That's different from admitting to being FA. I wouldn't do the latter until you're farther along.
>telling everyone you're taken when you're not is basically shooting yourself on the foot.  Lying about your FA status doesn't mean you say you have a girlfriend when you don't (which is a pretty stupid lie in the first place), it simply mean you tell people that aren't family that you have been in a relationship in the past, that you aren't a virgin, that you have a few friends etc.   As to whether you do lie that way or not, well it's up to you, but I'd definitely recommend to lie as admitting your FA status will generally only get you negative attention.
I guess it depends of age.  If you're pretty young and most people have little to no experience,it's fine. If you're 10 years behind the average age of first sexual encounter like me, then I guess it's pretty risky. Wouldn't know tho, tbh.
The truth doesn't always win friends but it really influences people.  If someone is going to reject you or try and make you feel ashamed for being alone than they are not people you should want to be around, because guess what? They will do it no matter what because they enjoy making you miserable.
Why would you say you're taken if someone likes you?
Is revealing that you are a virgin really that bad? Do you really have to lie about it?
I'm done lying. I don't care what people think about me anymore.
Oh God yes.  Anyone that says to be honest about it wrong, dead wrong... especially if you are over 30.
I don't volunteer unless asked but don't really believe in outright telling lies. I'd rather have my relationships be built on a foundation of honesty or not at all; lies have a way of snowballing. Sometimes you can laugh it off or deflect the question.   I've been outright told that "I think our experience levels are too different" as a result but realistically that was but one of many reasons that relationship wouldn't have worked out anyway. Would you really want to be with someone who can't see you as more than a number of notches (or lack thereof) on the bedpost?
Nobody likes me and nobody ever will. I’ve had all of my twenties to confirm that I’m ugly.
I mean what if someone is going to help you hook up with someone. Or a girl who you don't care about now and possibly falling for her eventually.
It's not about the sexual inexperience, that's pretty unimportant. But it implies that you never had a romantic relationship and after a certain age this is a red flag.   If no woman ever wanted you before there must be something seriously wrong with you is the usual line of thinking and they are right to a certain extent.
I'm sure plenty of people here dont reveal.
Why couldn't you just say you're not looking right now if you don't want to cause offence. What do you hope to achieve by lying about being taken?
Ah, i see now. Thank you
Why?
Pride? Save face?
Pride? Save face?
Trouble is it's the kind of lie that gets very awkward with follow up questions or if you ever plan on interacting with the person again. You'll quickly become the dude that says he's "taken" but is mysteriously never seen with a date.
ah, ok then
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksamtm/any_advices_from_40_year_old_fas_who_always/
I'm actually looking for the kind of advice in ACCEPTING the fact that life will never happen. How do you cope with it?
I'm sorry brother. I really am.
Try /r/FA30plus
All I can tell you is that over time, I started to be grateful I’d never had the kids I wanted.  But that’s because I can barely take care of myself, I’m always in financial trouble, and I have a lot of mental health problems.  I wouldn’t want to subject kids to that, and so I have grown to accept and be okay with not having any.
There is no accepting it, at least for me.  It's just another thing I fail at.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ksd3bu/yikes/
I feel like I always need to put effort in to gain anyone’s attention like I’m always wearing an invisibility cloak or somethinf but it’s just so rough I miss the friend who will never know that I need them because they don’t talk to me anymore so like why would it be the same now :(
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ks8tfz/31mgay_is_my_depression_for_me/
Been gay is definitely my major cause of depression and lonesome status. Local girls come to me interested, but guys just ignore me. Can't even look at me to even start a conversation.  Loneliness is eating me, but I don't want to fake my feelings with a girl as they don't deserve it.  Have any of you gay guys felt the same?  I constantly see all these posts of people not having someone yet at such a young age, but now I feel even more depressed and lonely as I feel the same way but at 31. I have yet to have a boyfriend. Should I call it quits I sometimes wonder.
You can’t make this shit up dawg😂... girls are actually interested in you but you are gay..it’s live the universe is playing a dirty prank bro..unbelievable
>Local girls come to me interested, but guys just ignore me.   This is the first time I've heard something like that:  - a straight or gay guy that gets zero attention from both men and women, sure those exist, this sub easily prove it - a straight guy that gets only attention from men, this happen often and has happened to me - a guy that gets both attention from women and men, of course this would happen to any guy that is attractive, whether he is straight or gay  But a gay guy that get attention from women and nothing from men is completely new to me. Do you look for partners online? Do you go to places dedicated for gay men? Except if you live in a country where gay men are ostracised (but I assume you would have mentioned it in your post), I'm genuinely surprised that such thing could happen to a gay guy.
Aye bro ..I know it’s gonna sound crazy...I know you are gay...but just close your eyes and stick your ding a ling in one of the girls that are interested in you... and see if you like just the sensation at least..just as an experiment
Yep, and all us straight guys girls try as hard as they can to not even make eye contact.
I assume I'm just too heavy for most of the gay community. Honestly is not really that shocking. Specially online, they are definitely quite judgemental. Presently? They just tend to ignore me all over.  I'm not in California or NY for me to have thousands of Gay options though. Just saying, it does happen.
[deleted]
That you have no success with gay guys isn't shocking at all to me. It's the fact that you have women showing interest in you while men don't that is mind blowing to me.
Thanks for the question. I actually did it once when I was 24 if I remember correctly...I have gained the weight back over the years since nothing much change.  But here's proof.  https://imgur.com/a/oV68TSy
I don't see the shock, there's obviously more females than gays here. And there's definitely going to be some that wouldn't mind having a relationship with someone that is more heavy sided. And some just like my calm personality.   I just have to tell them no as I know there's not going to be any attraction from my part.
Why the downvotes? It is definitely not a common situation since women rarely give men attention unless they are very attractive.
Your face is good at least.
[deleted]
Note: I'm not saying that they come in droves if that's what you thought. But I have definitely had several cases where local females where interested in me and I had to put them down while I have yet to experience the same for even a single male.
I'm a gay guy too. What kind of gays do you hit on? I hope you don't approach fit gays because we are almost always interested in other fit guys.  But I see bears with other bears all the time.
Thanks, but that's me without the weight...sadly nothing changed so I just didn't feel the need to take care of my body anymore and have recovered the weight over the years.
Lol, that's just that one picture.  Summary storyline. Epilepsy as a small kid, the pill I was given cause me to overeat. At the time I had changed it was too late since my body was used to overeating.  Why I'm overeating at this stage after been able to actually cut it off is just one of my ways to deal with depression at this point. I was actually planning to start losing it again on 2020 but that never happened do to the virus that caused their own sorts of depression.  Edit: I still have epilepsy, sadly. Forever to be the slave of a pill. Lol
I don't really mind looks, I'm honestly more into personality than anything else.  The only guys I would reject in looks are those all covered in tattoos and piercings. Not my type.  Note: I don't mind some, but all over is too much for me.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ks4mle/notes_from_trying_dating_apps_again/
So recently, I decided to move out of my parents' place. After doing so, I opted to give Tinder, Bumble, and Hinge another shot. I had tried them a few years back with no success to speak of. I enlisted the help of a couple of friends in creating a profile and finding pictures. Just as some background. I'm probably like a 5/10 on the looks scale; I'm basically the avatar of a generic-looking white guy of average height. My FA is generally due to crippling anxiety, social awkwardness, and lack of any direction in life. 25 years old KV, never have even been on a date. Here's what I found:  * I probably went through well over 1,000 profiles on all the apps put together. I got 5 matches on tinder, and 6 on Hinge. 1 on Bumble. Bumble was by far the most fruitless of the three platforms. The algorithm or something showed me a menu of women that ought to be instagram models basically. Tinder had similar problems, though a few normal women were thrown in. Hinge was kind of on the opposite end; a lot of women I found very unattractive * The women on Tinder I matched with seemed to be reasonably within my league. Same with the 1 woman on bumble. I got ghosted by all of them after sending one just one message (except the bumble one obv, she just never messaged me). One woman on Tinder actually lived 400 miles away and was listed as being near me for some reason * A few on Hinge seemed to be within my range. Two of the women who liked my profile on Hinge were unbelievably beautiful, shockingly. 4/6 of the Hinge matches (including the women way out of my league) ended in ghosting after one message. One of the exchanges went on for 4 messages. The other exchange went on for about a dozen messages before ghosting * I thought maybe I was being too picky and screwing with the algorithms in the app. I tried being less picky and the same deal; no success really to speak of. I tried even swiping left on women that were way too attractive for me * Honestly, I don't even care that much that I got so few matches. I know that I'm not exactly a catch. I begrudge no woman for swiping left on me. What really hurts is when a woman swipes on you and gives you false hope, then promptly doesn't even respond to your first message or ghosts you after like half a dozen messages. It's not like I'm sending some perverted or offensive stuff. It's just "nice picture" or "I like this thing" too, etc shit along those lines * Truthfully, I think there's not that much of a science to this stuff. Pictures, being witty, etc....people overanalyze it. At the end of the day, it's just a mix of how attractive you are and just being a general crapshoot * I don't even think a lot of the women on these apps are real people, especially on Tinder. As well, plenty of women just surf these apps just for gratification, hence probably some of them ghosting me * Would I reccomend these apps to FA's? If getting into a relationship is sort of on the backburner for you, or you have a passing interest, I don't see too much harm in giving them a shot. Who knows. You might get lucky. Just don't go in with expectations. If it's more so at the forefront of your mind? You're gonna have a bad time and take the rejections pretty harshly. I kind of fall into the latter category, and therefore I'm not gonna proceed with the apps
Genuine question, what other ways are there to meet people during this pandemic? I've had some success with texting and some video chat on apps but never got as far as meeting them in person, at least not yet.
Yeah I was really desperate and I downloaded 5 dating apps a while ago. Figured I was in a college town and had nothing to lose. Two months later, only had one match that ended up being a real person but then they ghosted me. They are self esteem killers more than anything
I've heard somewhere that dating apps only work for men who pay the premium. Something about the algorithm making you barely visible, etc.  Never tried it myself unfortunately
Thanks for the write up. How long did it take you to get 5 matches on Tinder? That sounds like pretty good going.
So far I have only tried 2 sites. Plenty of Fish and Doublelist. 2 people did message me on POF but I think it was spam or fake accounts. It said they didn't live close to me at all and both of them sent me duplicate messages 5 minutes apart.  Doublelist is like the old Craigslist ads. More sexual in nature. I have noticed in my area which is pretty big, a few hundred guys looking for girls ads get posted everyday, but you are lucky to see 1-3 ads from girls looking for guys.
Yeah, Tinder is tough for many men.  Are you sure that your pictures were good?  If they were selfies, shots of yourself in the mirror with your camera visible, or living room shots, that may be the reason why you weren’t getting more matches. I’m not a looker either, probably a 5 out of 10 but when I got a shot of me outside playing guitar, I got more matches.  When you were messaging women, what were you saying?  If you were opening with something generic like hi, hey, how’s it going, that may be the reason why you keep getting ghosted.
Maybe you’re both working in an ICU.  But really, no clue.
A platform OP didn’t mention is FB dating. Which I find to be the most fruitful of all the dating apps. Seems to be more women interested in finding relationships
Yeah like honestly. Swipe left on me if you want. No hard feelings. Swiping right then ghosting me after one message? Fuck off.
I’ve considered paying up. I don’t really care about the $10; it’s just I hate paying on principle.
Pretty much exactly a month. I moved out a month ago to this day and downloaded the app then.
It's a fair point. I don't take pictures well in general, and certainly, that's a bit of a handicap. But no, none of them were lazy mirror selfies. I combed through as many pictures as I could (vacation, work, with friends/family, etc) and asked for feedback from 2 of my friends before settling on the pics.  I usually send an opening message based off what I read on the profile (I've been to this place, I love his band too, etc). I try to be witty sometimes too.
I nuked my FB into oblivion 2 years ago, no interest in reviving it.
I don’t think I would’ve been as bummed out if she didn’t lead me on for a whole month
Same. But it really doesn't work for us dudes otherwise. Or so I'm told.
I think one of my friends said it best. Women who we message just a few times are on our minds 24/7. For them, we’re just background noise.
[${URL}] https://i.imgur.com/1E6KHOn.jpg

The one day of the year I genuinely dread. That and any day I have a dentist appointment.
Lol fuck that shitty corporate holiday. Every year I just ignore it and treat February 14th like an ordinary day.
I been forever alone for 15+ years and i will continue ti be for the rest of my life. Vday has no effect on me. It's just another day
Personally, it won't be that hard this year: my government forbid any gatherings during the holidays due to the pandemic and the way I see it, it won't be any different in 5 weeks...
I’ll be chilling with molly, Lucy, and Mary Jane that day 😎
I'll be honest, I'm an ok looking guy, I'm no supermodel sure, but I have a crippling social anxiety. I've been on multiple dates but never ended up with anything serious.   It hurts the most when people naturally assume I have a girlfriend. Like the barber asking me if my gf liked my beard.. or my colleagues asking me what my plans are for Valentine's. Or acquaintances asking if I have thought of moving in with my partner. I mostly bluff, but those questions tear me up from the inside like nothing else..
Another fun weekend of camping waaaaay out in the desert it is!
Ugh, Valentine's Day... hate it with a passion now, and miss the days when it used to be all about giving your classmates candy and little cards.  Now I just sit alone in my apartment all day...  Oh wait it's Sunday so I'll have a church service to attend where all the young couples won't be able to stay off of each other \*shakes head\*
Is there something special about it being on Saturday
Slow down, we haven't even passed MLK day, holy smokes.
https://youtu.be/rrpUny8yKcM
I despise that day
Damn. I haven't fully recovered yet from new year's eve disaster. This year vd will hit harder.
Valentine's Day is garbage. One of the more pointless holidays. Anniversaries are special and specific to one couple's relationship, why would people basically want a common version of the same thing?
Burn heals? What am I, a Pokémon? Did I fight a Charizard or something?
[deleted]
It's only a corporate holiday for those in a relationship or trying to get one. I'm sure no one here minds being a shill just to be with someone.
Is it possible to learn that power?
Are you saying you're only 15? Remember, we don't count the first 12 years of life.
True, at the rate things are going now with new U.K. and South African strains who knows how long this’ll keep going :/ at least it’s a slim silver lining for lonely people to not be bombarded with ads and other bs about valentines
Damn lucky
STOP BLUFFING you FOOL!  Did it not occur to you that they are asking because they are Fishing for an In?  Be more Honest! You will be surprised by how far it can take you!
> MLK day  Do we have to give flowers and gifts for that yet?  I'm sure there's marketing people working on it.  There was an old black and white holiday film, I think with Bing Crosby, with some line about a girl who was so demanding "she even expected gifts on Fathers Day" but I don't remember the title of the movie.  Pretty funny that even in the 40s people were slyly making fun of hyper commercialization of holidays.
Men are the video games of women and I've seen the girls at work spend a lot of time comparing what they got men to do for Valentines Day.  Women are at least as competitive as men in their own way, its just their scoring system is how exclusive the VDay restaurant dinner or how fancy the jewelry and the "tactical nuke" of vday is some girl getting proposed to, that generally wins the competition.
How can you be so sure of that? Are you saying that noone dies alone? "You'll eventually find someone" is a stupid statement and only gives false hope. It might happen, but you can't say that it WILL happen because there's a very big chance that it never happens.
That’s not a guarantee, mate. Many people have died while being forever alone.
Why 12?
Thank you!! I needed that. That's exactly what my very close friends would say, everytime I panic and do something dumb (mostly not do anything at all) with girls I'm interested in.   I feel like I've come a long way in the last 2 years, with my self confidence.
tactical nuke ha  im takin my wife to the gulag this year
Then I hope we don't
It's kinda weird to say you're dating someone when you're 12 and under since you're not even a teenager and still in elementary school.  Middle school seems to be the start at 13 and up.
Hope is a double-edged sword imo.  I always say to myself “To hope is to think wishfully.”  I’ve already lost it but I wish you the best of luck, mate.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ks3ofk/its_hopeless/
I feel so wretched.   I’m 20 years old but look like I’m in my late 50’s.... what am I going to look like in 20 years? Or even 10!?  I didn’t take care of my health. I wasn’t able to manage my stress. I lived off of 2-3 hours of sleep for 6 months and consequently aged so fucking terribly.   At this point, the only thing I can do is work on my physique and build muscle; but even then, I’m still pretty disgusting.   How will I ever find a partner in life? I can’t even manage to make a friend...   With my personality and shitty social skills? I don’t see it ever happening.
You and most of these people have poor attitudes to life. You have to learn to love yourself, to find something you can do that makes you happy.   Don't give up so easily, looks aren't everything and the world won't just give you a break, you need to earn it and get lucky.   Switch your prerogative to a positive one because you are the only person who can really help yourself in the end.
r/thanksimcured
You’re definitely right, I appreciate your advice.
I get it, I had anxiety in high school and I went through a period with little to no friends but I pulled myself together and made new ones or rekindled with old friends. I believe in you.
Don't listen to those who give shitty false hope advice.
>love yourself  >I believe in you  Do you have any more of those sentences that make me wanna gouge my eyes out rather than "not lose hope"?
There's no such thing as false hope man, you can always achieve something.
[deleted]
Thanks, I wanna die now.
[deleted]
Go away.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ks0r8y/are_you_ashamed_of_being_fa/
Title says it all  I was ashamed of it in my late teens but i do not really care anymore today , sometimes, family or old classmates ask me about my life and it can be really awkward but otherwise i really don't care anymore.  How about you, friends ?
Yes, however, I'm moreso ashamed of myself, how empty my whole life is. I really don't want anyone to know me.
No! And I see no reason why I should be?  I mean I’m sad, of course but...ehh! This is hard to explain, but basically I have first hand knowledge that I’m not to worry about it but instead worry about me first.   I also know first hand that this isn‘t all there is and that in the grand scheme of things it’s not going to matter that I was never in a relationship.
Yes deeply.   I have a group of friends I made earlier on this year and it's been great. However, the topic of sex and sex jokes often comes up. I'm able to play along, but they have to be suspicious of me at this point not having any stories of my own. I'm afraid the truth will leak out.
Not so much ashamed.  More like FOMO and frustrated that I've screwed up.  But not really ashamed.
Ashamed? Not really. Is it painful, however? Of course.   Embarassment is the last thing I’m worried about.
I would be ashamed if I was in a social situation with someone having a more conventional life, but home alone I am mostly ok with who I am. FWIW I think there will be many more people in the same situation as me in years to come.
Not really. I don't go around complaining about it but I don't hide it either. If someone asked I would tell them the truth, but no one ever does.
Not really ashamed.  Just hate experiencing it.
Not really innately, but I would never tell anyone
Yes, I am. I made a post about it a couple of days back
I find myself ashamed some days, but not all the time.  However I only feel a small degree of shame now, because after a certain age (probably around 25) I realized that......success in life is 95% luck.  You can put a lot of hard work into anything, and bad luck can come at the last minute to undo all your progress, which happened to me several times.
*Through my early 20's*: I paid no attention to the realm of sex and romance at all, so I didn't care.  *Late 20's*: Wow, I am decidedly *not normal* and I am deeply ashamed because I cannot relate to my peers.  *Now in my mid-30's*: I don't give a flying rat's ass what anyone thinks of me. Obviously I don't advertise it, but I am extremely candid if others start questioning. I know relationships are largely luck. I know I'm a kind and dependable and not even particularly unattractive man. I can't help if women want nothing to do with me because I'm short and shy, those are not character flaws. What do I have to lose by being honest, some bozo thinks slightly less of me whose opinion I don't give a shit about anyway? It's less emotionally exhausting to not have to concern myself with hiding who I am, and hey maybe if I'm lucky someone will actually try to help me escape my loneliness.  They might invite me out places to gain me exposure or set me up with a friend of a friend.
Yes. I really try to avoid talking about myself because I feel so much shame
Jealous, frustrated, depressed, regretful, pretty much the whole spectrum of negative emotions from being forever alone.
This is absolutely brutal to hear. A lot of people have given up on you but I won't.
Not really, but I don't go advertising it either. I'm pretty sure people know what my situation is, but if they don't I don't want them forming a negative opinion of me because of it.
Not ashamed but very sad
I’m ashamed that I let my anxiety win.
No, I just accept it, what's the use of being ashamed of being FA? You have years of time to enjoy life.
I'm not ashamed because it's not my fault. There have been very few women in my life who I found attractive and in general I've had very less women in my life. My luck sucks... Classes, college, work groups were mostly male. I'm an introvert and was not financially strong until 4 years ago... No no opportunity to go and meet people...  But I'm super depressed because this is so defeating.  I just want peace (death).
I just brush most people off. I don't have friends, so nobody really cares. They are just trying to be polite, so I'm polite back
I feel like a failure of a human being constantly and there's no way forward. I feel like I'm not so much living as *existing*.
This.  I'm ashamed that I wasn't able to obtain the strong friend group that always checks in on you and wants to go do stuff.  With my current friend group I almost always have to initiate contact and the only reason I'd get checked in on is if I missed services.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ks4pzi/i_hate_hope_and_yet_i_need_it_to_function/
I guess I should say I more specifically hate false hope, but then again you never know if hope is false until you find out later on in painful fashion. Every time I’ve developed hope of being with someone whom I was attracted to, that hope was false. With that being said, after months and years past, after recently trying a certain type of therapy for people with treatment resistant depression, I find myself in a place where things are far from jolly and great, but they’ve definitely been a lot worse. But I’m back in that same position. I have hope, and honestly I don’t like it. There’s a girl in a virtual group I’m in and I’m catching some real feelings for her.   Imma get this out of the way. Yes, I’m attracted to beauty. I tend to fall for girls who are quite pretty. Although my looks aren’t a problem, throughout my life my subpar confidence and social skills have always made these girls out of my league. And this girl is very pretty. At this point I’m typically reluctant to even try and approach attractive girls knowing that they’re basically always in a relationship, and even if they’re not they have so many damn choices. But just getting to know her over the months I’m pretty sure she’s not with anyone, but you can never be too sure.   In the self-improvement department for me things have improved somewhat but are far from perfect. I seem to be developing better self-esteem, but a lot of recent positives and improvements are overshadowed by the fact that my life is so damn boring and I still don’t really enjoy many things due to the depression. I have the confidence to ask her out and at this point I know what to say and all that, sure I’ll be really nervous doing it but it’s nothing I haven’t tried before. I guess the problem is for group-related reasons the members are asked not to reach out to each other, which is understandable. But now I find myself just going crazy trying to find anything in my life that gives me remotely as much drive and excitement as the prospect of being with this girl whom I’ve gotten to know over the months. I’m doing my best to get by the days. When I’m not at work at a job I don’t much care for anymore, I stay organized and mildly productive, I’m even trying to land a second job doing something I find much more interesting. But I also do just smoke a ton of weed (which I know is not good for me or my depression, no need to give the lecture I’m familiar with and aware of the problem) and playing video games I don’t enjoy much anymore just to get by the days until I can add more structure into my life which I’m working on.   And yet several weeks down the line is what I really care about. I definitely want to land the job and everything, but weeks later from now when the group ends I can’t stop thinking about asking her out. Yes, I am doing my best to not think about it and put so much emotional weight on it. Yes, I’m trying to focus on other endeavors in the meantime. But goddamn I still can’t stop obsessing over it, it’s in my nature. I think I’m doing as good of a job as I can do to take my mind off of it given the circumstances, but it just drives me crazy that a good chunk of my current hope and motivation comes from yet another romantic prospect who, for all I know, could be just as uninterested in being in a relationship with me as every other girl has been. All this hope could be false hope, and yet it’s currently pushing me because it’s all I have to look forward to. I’m definitely against having partners just to dump your problems onto them, I would never operate that way myself. But goddamn as someone who’s never been in an relationship and yet is constantly plagued with wanting physical and emotional intimacy (so I can escape this dark and fiery hell of loneliness), this is something that means a lot to me and having that support and being able to reciprocate it with someone special sounds everything I could ever want.   Despite all the negativity in my head I feel like I have made some good improvements mentally over the past year and it feels like I have come pretty far and I try not to overlook that. I just want the lonely part of the journey to end.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kry079/a_coworkers_kid_asked_this_today/
One of my cowokers have a 6 year old daughter and she asked this about me: "when will [my name] become a father?"  What can I say? I don't believe in lying, not even for kids, so I had to told her the truth - "I'll never be a father and probably never will be a husband of anyone."  This sucks so much, I always wanted to have kids and a proper, happy family when I was younger and much more naive. Now I know that even if some kind of miracle will happen (which it won't), I'll still not have the right to bring anyone to this world with my trash tier genetics.  No kid deserves lifelong depression, not to mention the appearance related things I could give to them just by being a father.  What did I do to deserve a life like this, I have no idea..
I had a similar experience to this once. Overheard my neighbour's kid ask why I never have anyone over to visit. If someone under 6 can notice how lonely I am it's likely everyone else can too.
I can feel your pain. Hang in there buddy. Something good will surely happen. Don't loose hope.
Look on the bright side, kids are brutally honest about fat and ugly people so you're obviously not too hideous looking to be a parent, or the kid has seen worse anyway (ever shopped at a walmart?)  Admittedly, some little kid doesn't think you're hideous, isn't the highest compliment, but it's something.
[removed]
No, why would I say something like that, there was nothing malicious from the kids part, she just thought that every adult becomes a parent by default.
Whoa there, theres a very good reason that beating your kid is frowned upon nowadays. Pick up any psychology book on the lifelong issues that it creates instead of blessing your father.   Start here:  https://www.apa.org/monitor/2012/04/spanking
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krt3c8/a_girl_held_my_hand_7_years_ago/
I was at the hospital because I had my both lungs collapsed (Spontaneous pneumothorax).  The doctor was using a scalpel to make an incision to put a drain on each side of my chest. The nurse was holding my hand over my head during the intervention. It was so good that It's made me focus on that instead of the pain.
Well it sounds damn painful, but I'm glad you didn't die like that.
A female physician (not nurse) did a physical on me. She's the only woman to have ever touched my genitals after the age of 5, maybe.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kst1gf/you_make_me_so_sad/
This place makes me so sad. You guys don’t need to be alone forever if you don’t want to! Get some therapy please! If you can’t afford it do a lot of research on social skills, anxiety, positive thinking, and depression, and whatever else you’re struggling with. Don’t just sit there in your negativity and self pity. Don’t give up. You don’t have to be miserable if you don’t want to be.
You’re gonna get crushed.
It's a depressing place because we come here to talk about a depressing aspect of our lives. It doesn't mean that there are no other aspects to our lives, just that this is one of a relatively few spaces where there's a high density of people who understand our pain. Sharing a drink we call loneliness 'cause it's better than drinking alone.  Agree that it's important to stay in the fight no matter what and that we're fortunate to at least live in an age when we can access a wealth of information on topics that don't necessarily come to us as intuitively as they do to others. I firmly believe that escape is possible with the right lifestyle changes and part of why I come here is to learn from what does and does not work for others in my situation.  But also, on the note of social skills...nobody wants to be miserable lol, suggesting that any of us wanted this isn't going to be well-received even though I can see that you meant well. Usually when you're working on yourself you can see your overhead press going up or that you can read articles in a foreign language that you couldn't a month ago. You get some positive reinforcement to tell you that you're on the right track. When it comes to relationships, people here get no positive reinforcement at all. Saying "just walk toward the mouth of the cave" isn't necessarily very helpful to people who are in so deep they can't see any light at all, even though it's not wrong.  I'm curious why you recommend therapy. I haven't tried it; I've always felt that there's not some trauma in my past that I need to heal from. Years of rejections, sure, but that's ongoing. I don't see how a therapist could help with that any more than an EMT could help a guy who's actively plugged into an electric chair.
Telling depressed people they don't have to be miserable if they don't want to be isn't likely to help.  Also you know you can sort by success stories too right? They do exist.
This is a joke right?
Just looking to see how low the % upvoted goes lmao
The reality for me is, I'm like a whale in a tank slowly dying.  So unless I can find another whale or two or three out there...  This is why most people don't and can't possibly understand what it's like to be *shunned and isolated by society.*  Most people *will not accept contact with me* (unless it is for me to serve them somehow).  Please look up Targeted Individuals and "Starseeds."  We are not all the same species, m8.  Some of us can hardly walk out our doors, and it's only getting worse.  I used to worry about trash being thrown at me.  Now, I worry about trucks (I was nearly in a severe accident after being swerved at by a group of guys).  *And I will put*  **enmity**  *between you and the woman, and between your offspring and hers; he will crush your head, and you will strike his heel.'*  You, m8, really, you mean well but you have no idea, no comprehension.  I have never in my life been able to relate to anyone.  Not my own family, nobody.  Starting from kindergarten, I was excluded increasingly by the year.  We're not talking about lack of effort but self-protection, for many of us who are not welcome in society and would be overjoyed to find one true friend in a lifetime.    *And at his gate was laid a poor man named Lazarus, covered with sores*  *and longing to be fed with the crumbs that fell from the rich man’s table. Even the dogs came and licked his sores.*  There are extremely complex bio-spiritual, "eugenic" reasons...down to the microscopic and instinctual, why some of us cannot interact.  It is not a choice.  Interaction with anybody I don't know is dangerous for me.  You would not imagine the words that people shout, and you would not understand that many are willing to go much further than words.    There is no positive thinking and hard work that can overcome [being born outside the "acceptable" bio-social lines].  Please think of blacks in the Jim Crow South, Jews and Roma and other "undesirables" at the time of Holocaust, think of animals born with birth defects and unusual qualities that get dealt with ruthlessly by a brutal nature who accepts flaws, but only within a certain constraint.  Lepers used to be shipped off to colonies.  These are things you do not overcome.  You adapt, you learn quick who and what to stay away from, you learn to exist in a very narrow bubble of a world and never be too trusting of anybody and always on your guard.  I cannot and will not attempt to interact with the world as *a normal person*™️ for that I am not.    One of the hardest lessons I ever learnt in life was to let go of *most* people.  Let go of the vast and overwhelming majority of the human race.  That is something God had to teach me slowly.  Nobody ever tried harder to fit in and succeed™️.  God said, let it go, Max.  Let go of the human race.  It's a wonderful thing to have a replacement family in the form of all the other beautiful creatures, and to be part of that, to be embraced by them as an equal and as family in a way that 99% of humans have never demonstrated to me.    *of whom the world was not worthy—wandering about in deserts and mountains, and in dens and caves of the earth.*  Mate, listen, you've no idea.  If you can walk down the street and not have people screaming at you, swerving cars, splashing water, and generally going ballistic, if you haven't had years and decades worth of this stuff, then mate honestly, you are in the dark.  Your advice is for a whole other breed.  You know a very different world than we know. https://youtu.be/2CaypEojjKQ
Gosh, I'm sorry that people in horrible circumstances makes you sad.  But it's honestly not about you and how this makes you feel.
U sad? Just be happy bro!
I refuse to support the idea that there are so many people out there who are just fucked and should give up. In depths of depression I’ve had negative thoughts like that. Therapy and medication can help to change your outlook. Fuck, a shower, shave and a haircut can turn someone from 3 to an 8 if you want to look at it that way. A lot of you could work towards gaining a better existence, but if you prefer to sulk and just declare yourself a loser that’s what you will be. I recommend, especially to a lot of the dudes on here who think they are ugly, take a TEFOL course. When all the COVID shit is over go teach English in Asia. You’ll have a lot more opportunities to get laid. I see it all the time.
By who?
I recommend therapy because we don’t know what we don’t know. It helps us to reflect on ourselves and see things from a perspective you may not have known existed. Therapy is hard work and a good therapist will give you homework with the goal of growth. I hated therapy at first because I would be an emotional mess (more than usual) afterwards, sometimes for days. I still don’t love going but it has defiantly helped me.
I agree that simply telling people not to be depressed doesn’t work. I think suffering people should be encouraged to seek out resources available to them to get better though.
No! This sub is not healthy in so many ways. It reinforces negative thinking. I’m fat, with bad skin, and have pretty bad anxiety most of the time. I also have really bad social anxiety. It is very difficult for me to make friends. I don’t have many friends. Despite all that I am in therapy and I take medication for anxiety. I’m also married to a great man who is my best friend and we have fun together. It’s not hopeless.
Jesus Christ dude, that’s dark. You describe yourself as the elephant man. I would sincerely like to know more about you. Can you private message me?
No need to apologize my dear. I’m aware it’s not all about me.
That's a lot of yikes in a single paragraph dude
a shower   Why do you Pollyannas come in here and think that we are so stupid that we don't know how to shower ourselves?  Get over yourself.
I don't disagree but telling people to take shower lacks understanding. Going from your responses you seem to have found relative happiness from a difficult place. Telling that story is more likely to be helpful.
Don't you think people in this sub haven't tried stuff like that? That's why they're here. It's cause they're exhausted all their options hence the title "Forever Alone." Most people here don't give up just to give up, they give up because they've tried everything they can and even when new opportunities come up, they try those too and still fail. I still think you're post is a bit ignorant because people here are not quitters, they're victims of circumstances and factors out of their control despite their efforts to change.
You've made me shy 😳.   You seem nice though. What I am, is a *Targeted Individual.*  And no, you don't have to look like the wonderful Joseph Carey Merrick to be one.  My looks are...different, sure.    People react, inherently, to those who carry the light of God.  What's really being reacted to in hostility- is not so much the visible qualities.    A lot of people come to a forum like this and they say, here's a solution, here's how to be, here's a method to help you: wash, dress, behave, impress...well, many of us are well washed and well mannered.  The disconnect is where you take experience from your own life or from a life that "fits the mold" (that is, more or less, accepted in society) and try to apply it to outliers.  We have a whole different way of being- that's called survival.  Survival in a world that's hostile.  Survival in a world that's hostile based on qualities we possess- down to the microscopic- atoms and molecules and strands of genetic information and manner of consciousness, qualities we can't change.  So, yeah, that limits us in what we can do, in how we can interact, who we can interact with, and the experience of our lives are quite different because we don't have to *do* a thing to be rejected, all we have to do is *be.*  And I think you'll find that increasingly, that goes for all of us who pursue God, who pursue what is right, with our whole hearts.  If you start doing so I guarantee you're going to come into some serious backlash.
Why? My heart really does break for some of the people here. If anyone is in Shanghai I’ll try to be your friend. Life can get better, but how dare I question the negativity here, right?
What’s a Pollyanna? I guess I’ll look it up. In a lot of incel videos and documentaries I have watched I have seen men talk about how unattractive they are and that’s why they can never have a relationship. Many of these men don’t need to do much to glow themselves up. I obviously it’s not just on the outside. A lot of them need to work on their inside and personalities. You seem great though.
Noted
[deleted]
The only way I could get a glow-up is from a flame thrower.
Beep. Boop. I'm a robot. Here's a copy of   ###[Pollyanna](https://snewd.com/ebooks/pollyanna/)  Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
We are both making assumptions about each other.
I guess I have misunderstood some of you. You certainly have misunderstood a lot of what I said.
That’s the spirit!
[deleted]
Maybe somebody would feel something for me when I'm dead.
Do you speak for everyone is this sub?
Do you need a hug? Maybe a snack?
[deleted]
Nope, I need those things like I need another idiot thinking that I'm forever alone because I can't figure out personal hygiene.
Alrighty then
What’s wrong? Why do you think you’re in the place you’re in now?
I still live.  I was born.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krqauh/a_lady_id_been_seeing_offered_insight_about_why_i/
So, for the first time in my life I saw a person more than once off a dating site. She told me that she was only looking for friends and that she would be moving across the country in a month. We were chatting over Bumble and she tried swapping bad date stories with me. Since I knew I had nothing to lose, I told her straight that I had no stories or romantic experience whatsoever. This is an excerpt of the chat:  .  HER: That’s too bad. I really think you’re a good guy and I hope you find what you’re looking for! I think you would have a better chance of finding someone at a social event like an art show or metal show, if you approach girls you have things in common with. Other girls I’ve talked to about bumble don’t like the app because they like it when guys initiate it and ask them out. I feel the same way. But I understand it’s harder for introverts to date. I couldn’t be in a long term relationship with an introvert because I need someone who I can go to parties, bars, and restaurants with regularly. Most people find their partners through their friend groups, so maybe focusing on finding some new friends might help? Most of the guys I’ve gone on dates with I met at house parties. I think knowing someone who knows them makes it feel safer to date them, which is why I’m not comfortable with using apps. Anyway I think you will find someone if you change your strategy a bit :) I hope you don’t find my message intrusive or anything, I just want to be helpful.  .   ME: I sincerely appreciate the advice! I will take it to heart :) I tried getting into art groups, talking to women at metal shows and a bit at the kink place, etc, but you're right--my efforts definitely need to be more sustained instead of sporadic. Just gotta wait for this COVID thing to be over, or at least on the decline, haha. And that whole gender divide with initiating is one of my big hurdles, which is why I came to Bumble in the first place, but I guess I should work on that!  .   HER: Yeah two girls on Bumble I talked to said they disabled date mode for the same reason. Women like it when men ask them out and it’s such a turn off when guys wait around to be asked out. It’s not masculine at all. There was one guy I was talking to whom I would’ve gone on a date with, but he kept sort of hinting that he’d like to meet up but didn’t ask himself. I thought that was such a big turn off that I stopped talking to him. It’s all about confidence, that’s why unfortunately the narcissistic entitled types are still more attractive than shy guys. I would say talk to girls you meet and establish some sort of connection first, then ask them out for a coffee. Not for a walk. The important thing is to sound confident when you ask them out. I can understand it’s hard but just takes practice I think.  .   ME: Aha, maybe masculine-presenting is the root of my problem, lol. Thanks for the insight about this!    .  For reference, the premise of Bumble is that women must be the ones to initiate contact by sending the first message. I liked the premise 'cause I'm awful at initiating. Anyway, I really appreciated her being so candid and straight with me, especially with the way I should try to present myself. I have so many second thoughts and doubts at every tiny step in the romantic process that paralyze me from making the next move--even the prospect of replying to a message can fluster me--but I'll strive to do what she says. Oh, and obviously I understand that there are some women who like to be the more outgoing one in a romantic dynamic, but I figure since my current attitude hasn't worked in all this time, I should change things up.   What do you think about what she said?
Interesting. Too bad confidence and narcissism are pretty much antithetical to my personality.
Yeah. Women like men with confidence. I've never really understood why, exactly, but it just seems to be a thing that's programmed into them.   >It’s not masculine at all.  Despite all the lip service paid to gender equality and the like, at the bottom of it all people still default to gender roles. You can't *make* women attracted to unconfident, awkward men. It comes across as unmasculine.
Bless this woman for actually giving meaningful advice instead of just "you're a great guy and you'll make some girl very happy someday." Finding activities where you actually meet people is a whole lot harder after college, though. I haven't really had much luck in that regard since I hate bars with a passion and the things I do actually enjoy are either solitary or aren't the sort of thing you invite strangers to. People get unnerved when a stranger offers to go camping with them, go figure.  As far as pretending to be boisterous and confident goes...it's not a bad skill even for platonic relationships. Opening in a way that gets people to want to know more about you always helps. Energy and cheerfulness lifts the people around you. The trouble for me is that I can't keep up the facade for long - it's just so far from my reality I can't even pretend convincingly. Friends see that struggle and want to help and soon come to appreciate me for who I really am. Love interests pretty much invariably see weakness. If I'm lucky they just see that weakness as a reason to move on. If I'm unlucky it's like a shark tasting blood in the water.  I don't really know what to do about that. Living a lie is no way to live but what I'm doing clearly isn't working either. Boastfulness and putting my own wishes above the feelings of others just aren't my nature.
I've heard the same sort of thing from a very close friend, but it doesn't just stop with the initial dating period, the asking out and messaging first, confidence and leadership is an expectation for the entire relationship.
Okay, this might sound sexist, but I don't understand how someone can say "Yeah it sucks, but being narcissistic is a huge turn on." I guess you can't help who your attracted to though. I guess I'm just jealous, and I don't like how narcissists are objectively more attractive.
I think her advice was genuine, but BS nonetheless. Offline, women are the ones who generally initiate things.    When guys approach a woman out of the blue, they come off as intimidating and intrusive. If the guy is broadly attractive, then most women will let it go. Selectively attractive guys will find a woman who will tolerate it with a little more difficulty, and even selectively unattractive guys can have success if they keep trying. Broadly unattractive guys are the ones who come across as creepy when doing this.   Most of the time though, guys don't approach a woman without a smile, or a wave, maybe a shout out, but some kind of invitation from the woman to enter her personal space.   I think what this lady was trying to say is that she considered you attractive enough that she expected other women could as well, and if you put yourself in social situations and stay observant, you might spot such an invitation. If so, you should act on it.
She's right about men initiating.   I think I got some better reactions from this woman I'm chatting with when I just said fuck it and risked pissing her off by insinuating sex or pushing for another date.  Before that I was respectful and did all the moves that were bound to lead me to the 'friendzone'.
> I couldn’t be in a long term relationship with an introvert because I need someone who I can go to parties, bars, and restaurants with regularly.  I've always wondered how that works.  As a guy who escaped FA via random good luck, and got the whole wife and kids thing, and both of us are somewhat introverted, how do extroverts reproduce other than accidentally?  Like if its all about partying at the bar till 2am every night, what happens when you have three toddler kids?  A lot of resentment or abandonment or ?  Or if its all about "meeting new people all the time" how do introverts stay married for 20 years while the kids grow up?  I suppose they are the people keeping divorce lawyers and online dating services employed LOL?  Or the restaurant thing:  Two things about restaurant dining in the USA:  You gonna go broke trying to pay for it, and you gonna get REAL fat because of American portion sizes and who needs flavor or quality if you can pack it with ridiculous levels of carbs (corn syrup soda, etc).  Family life with extrovert parents must be ... interesting.  It is entirely possible extroverts do not reproduce; certainly a lot of formerly hot 50 year old "cool wine aunts" out there.  But they're single so I'm not sure how the long term relationship thing fits in.
>I think knowing someone who knows them makes it feel safer to date them, which is why I’m not comfortable with using apps.  I think this part here is very important. A big requirement for women is that social proof, to know if you're safe from a social standpoint. What's he like, what do others think of him, positive or negative?  For me personally, I try to approach women online(I've done irl too, many times). I understand that messaging women to get to know them out of the blue on reddit for example is already a negative against me, because they know zero things about me and have absolutely no initial motive or desire to talk to me. I've always known that, but really it's like what else can you do? That includes dating apps and dating subs like r/foreveralonedating. It's just easier to slowly warm up to people in friend groups or even online groups like discord servers. That way you don't have to rack your brain to come up with the wittiest, most enticing messaging in all of history to pull in them to want to talk to you.  I was wary of what that person was going to say to you, but...she deserves a fist bump for that.
Shes probably right. But its not only about dating, and initating the date. Women like "alpha males". They like or even need the guy who will initiate, who is very confident, who is strong physically and mentally, who can defend, who takes what he wants and who can be her leader in life. Thats nothing new tbh.  I think it's just in women nature, and it's part of the world order. Strongest wins always.  I am shy introvert and maybe thats the reason i am lonely. Im just weak. The weak doesnt get awards. They are kicked out.
I know, right? Still, I was happy that she could acknowledge that it's a struggle to date as an introverted person, let alone as an introverted man.
To pile on to this, sometimes other *men* don't like being around unconfident, unmasculine men, because they resent weakness.
> it just seems to be a thing that's programmed into them  My negative focused observation is its hard to tell the difference between someone anxious because they're scared of girls vs anxious because he's married or he's a serial axe murderer or is lying about his spouse or he's trying to slip a pill in her glass or whatever.  Hey lady how about you open up to the idea of a relationship or at least some fun meanwhile I'm closed and anxious and terrified and you're not gonna know why.  You gotta meet them 50:50 and at least appear open, if you want them to be open.  What I meant by negative observation vs positive is its not that they like guys who are not-anxious, its that they dislike guys who have a reason to be anxious.  Even if its not a good/valid reason or its an unknown (to them) reason.  Edited to add an interesting idea:  It might help anxious or nervous guys to consider that historically there are guys very rightly nervous about talking to women because they were planning something criminal, but if you're merely genuinely asking her to coffee that's pretty boring in comparison so be chill about it.
Confident when are also more attractive. It's not gendered, but universal.
> People get unnerved when a stranger offers to go camping with them  Somethings you can't google for but might help:  There is a big scene for camping at music festivals, maybe bigger in Euro-land than USA.  If you're willing to travel and like music there's probably some place you can camp all night (more like party all night) and listen to your kind of music all day surrounded by people who also like your kind of music so at least you'll have something to talk about.  The stereotype is they're very smelly, it always rains, and extreme drug use, but whatever.  Another thing you can google for is there used to be or still sort of is a computer / tech / making conference camping type of experience where people camp at night and do tech type stuff during the day.  Generally, a complete sausage-fest in my experience if you're looking for girls, but you'll make friends which could lead to girls, or for FA-girls it would be an absolute buffet of generally highly paid technical worker boys.  Best of luck etc
I would honestly feel weird if I was in a relationship where either partner was the 'leader.' But yeah, it seems a lot of people like it to be one person or the other, unfortunately.
Hmm I am probably better off with never dating then. Even if I somehow could act more assertive and confident at first, no way could I maintain it over a extended period of time.
I don't think she was saying narcissists are attractive, it's that narcissists are by definition confident, and that confidence is enough to spark an initial attraction. Somewhere between being a self-conscious introvert and an arrogant narcissists is the confident-but-empathetic middle ground that works for long-term relationships. At least that's what I take from it
Narcissists are sometimes charming.  I mean not just in the realm of dating, but also with those who sometimes end up being leaders. (like in politics or business)
What is attractive is being able to have fun and relax, when you're with that person. If someone is not confident/secure, then being around then is a chore, because you have to do extra work to make sure they're present and not spiraling in their own insecurities. And sometimes it's like digging teeth to figure out their genuine preferences. You can't have a real discussion about anything, because they don't share their honest opinions. It's just "I'm ok with everything" or "whatever you want." If I just wanted to do whatever I want with a body on the other side, I'd go get myself a stuffed toy to have dinner with.  In contrast, if you're with someone who is confident with who they are and what they want, then you can be sure that they will not agree to something you want and then be secretly unhappy/resentful. That gives you the freedom of then expressing yourself and asking for your own needs.
But wasn't she specifically talking about not approaching women out of the blue, hence the setting with common interests?   Cause i agree that doing it out of the blue doesn't work, that's just weird. But when you have a reason to talk, or more accurately an excuse, it gets a whole lot less weird right away.   And I disagree about guys not approaching girls without some sort of sign. That could be the case if we're talking about cold approaches, but in a setting like she was talking about people just speak to each other to get to know each other, not solely with getting a date in mind. And that makes people a lot less likely to interpret an approach as creepy or weird.   Just my two cents.
Interesting! Though pushing for sex not something I feel I could ever do, I think I could fake enough swagger to push for a date or second date, haha.
To specify, she works for the government and her move was because she was moving up the career ladder, so I imagine has a big salary to make her able to afford all the bars and restaurants (and she also travelled a lot). She also said she didn't want children under any circumstances, lol.   But yeah, I get what you mean. I suppose that's why people call getting married/having kids "settling down," and people say they're either ready or not ready to do that.
Yeah as a guy I would prefer some sort of team work, a balance, I dont want to be a leader in a freakin relationship, that sounds like a burden and with avpd Im prettx much incapable of that, but ai wouldnt like a dominatrix leader woman either, Idk why it cant be more balanced. Women are usually better at socializing p/more social, idk why they cant just be the talkative one, while I can be the leader in maybe repairing their devices, making lot of money, not at a social workplace but online for example.  And for example I would like to go to different places with a gf but when its both of us, not parties with 20 other people, jeez.
It sounds like you're thinking that women will be more at ease and open to interactions with guys they otherwise wouldn't be open to interacting with if they're doing something they enjoy, and it could also be helpful in building a relationship if that's a common interest. That can be true, but that's not what I was talking about.   If you go up and talk with a woman without her even being aware of your presence, how will she respond? Likely she'll be reserved initially, regardless of your attractiveness or attitude, and that's just a natural human response. It doesn't really matter if you're both attending a pottery class as a common interest. Someone she's never met has just invaded her personal space without warning and engaged her for reasons unknown.   As an extension of this, most times women aren't very receptive to men who just approach them without some kind of invitation. If the guy is overwhelmingly attractive, or even checks off enough boxes, they may put aside this impulse sooner rather than later.  To less attractive men, they don't usually put aside the impulse, but rather that impulse contributes to a negative perception.
Expressing your wants is not the same demanding that someone fulfills those wants. But if you don't express your sexual interest, it's natural for the other person to assume that you don't have them at all. So then of course you're only a friend.  You can express your wants, and be respectful when they say no, or later, or I need more time to decide.  As an example, someone can say, "What an awesome car you have! I wish I had such a sweet ride." It doesn't mean you have to give them your car or even let them drive it. And it can feel good that they think your car is awesome.
Small steps man, you can do it. 👍💪😎
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krnzw0/tomorrow_im_38_still_alone/
Tomorrow is my birthday and I’ll be 38..  and I’m still forever alone.. I’m losing hope to find someone who will love ❤️ me..   I don’t know if I’m gonna be happy or not..  #foreveralone
[deleted]
Turned 26 today, i'm starting to believe no guy will ever be interested in me. It sucks
I will be 38 next week.  I have never been on a date or had a boyfriend, or anything.  I understand how you feel.
I can't stand birthdays personally, but happy birthday nonetheless.
Happy birthday brother! ❤  You can talk to me if you need to  Same goes for anyone who read this comment
It's tough love you know, you can't win at life sometime but you never give in. Never give up, never stop believing.
Hope you have a happy birthday nonetheless. May this year be better for you.
Happy birthday when it comes. I am 51 and very much alone but enjoy the world of ideas such as listening to audiobooks. Sending you happy thoughts from Scotland to wherever you are in the world :)
I'll be 37 in like 7 months too.   But I think I'm gonna do some major moves this year to change my situation.  Why are you set on 'love'. That's a nice and noble thing to strive for.   But don't go with that 'needy' expectation from women you meet.   Keep it fun and relaxed, don't make the interaction feeling pressured that you need them to accept you and develop love.  I just want to find someone who wants to hang out with me and hopefully wants to fool around having sex.    If it can grow into something more, that would be great, but I'm not pressuring myself into finding it.
[deleted]
Well... Cheers brother. 🍻
You still have years of time to enjoy life mate, if you waste those years by losing hope, sulking, crying, then you're missing out. Instead of being sad, try everything, and maybe you might find something that truly resonates with you
We're you never in a relationship?  I'm also 30+ & have never been in a relationship. No friends either
Maybe I am and I hope you’ll be a strong person too.. I don’t know wat ur going through but u will be included in my prayers
You are also a strong person. We all are here. We go through this everyday yet we are still here.   Any normal person in our situation will not be able to handle it.
Holy moly. Why are you suicidal? If you don't want to answer no worries.
You have still many years ahead of u..   I’m 38 and I know how u really feels
Happy birthday ladies 🎉. I’m also turning 26 next week
Thank you so much! Be safe!   But do you feel the loneliness and longing for someone?
Thank you so much!  But May I ask why?
Okay I realized you weren't a brother but congrats nevertheless lol
Thank you.. I will always remember ur words
Thank you so much 😊  Be safe!
Thank you so much! I’m from the Philippines 🇵🇭  Happiness is really depend on the heart’s desire.. I’m happy for you.. be safe
Advance happy birthday to you.. :)  Love ❤️ is a very nice thing to share especially with someone..  I’m glad that you will do something that will make ur situation in life better.  I’m a actually a woman lol..  Thank you and be safe
Nope. I’ve been to so many dating sites  Chat mates yes but never a serious relationship
I’m a sister lol!   Thanks 🙏 be safe
Thank you so much for your advice! I’m trying my best to look for him.. be safe
Nope..  Maybe we could be friends?
Thank you for your kind words I wish you the best...
Thanks :)
Yes, definitely.
They remind me another year has passed, stuck in the same place. They should be celebrated occasions but they're just lonely.
Thank you so much 😊
Haha, thanks.   Sorry, my bad.   That sort of changes the situation and my comment superfluous.
Oh sorry, but cheers anyways!
be safe mate
I just noticed you're from the Philippines. There are literally tens of thousands of Filipino women seeking green cards by dating Americans. If you're not one of them, then sure, I need friends!
Be safe and if u need a friend or just someone to talk to.. I’m just here..   They say that it’s better and easy to open up to a stranger coz that person will not judge u..  Be safe okay
Sometimes i really want to scream and cry..
Sometimes I feel that too..
It okay! 🍻  Be safe
I’m actually looking for a serious relationship I will not lie about that, but I’m not looking for a green card.   It will be nice to have friends..
Thanks. I am reading bible and try to stay strong.
Sorry, I wouldn't wish it on anyone.
That’s very good! I don’t know if ur a believer or not.. but I’m glad ur reading the Bible. Just hold on to Him..
It’s alright.. but admit it or not.. it really happens
I am trying to believe. I hope Jesus will save me.
Beep. Boop. I'm a robot. Here's a copy of   ###[The Bible](https://snewd.com/ebooks/the-king-james-bible/)  Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
Just believe!
Yes u r! Thank you
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krqugx/i_just_wish_i_had_friends_and_human_contact/
Does anyone else have no one at all IRL to talk to? I don't have any IRL friends and I'm not close with my family. I spend all day on discord servers but it doesn't make up for the real thing. I just wish I had friends or even random brief conversations with strangers
I don't have any friends either, haven't for a while. It's lonely. At this point I have no hope in genuine heart to heart relationships (and I don't just mean romantic).
I feel you. I have nobody I could even talk to, and sometimes it makes go fucking mental.
I miss making memories with people, my closest friends have all been online but it's just not the same. I just want something mundane, a conversation during a walk, lunch in the park.
You've got to take a leap of faith, go for life, what else is there to live for? If you are afraid you can't ever really get anywhere. I have faith in you because everyone can conquer their fears, even you.
Right, all of you who commented I'm going to privately message you all. You all need a talking to.
I have no friends either. I don’t even know or talk to anyone my age (19). Haven’t had any friends since 2016-2017 now, so I’m used to it now. But it’s incredibly lonely and soul-crushing. Believe me when I say I want to live my life at it’s fullest, but it’s incredibly difficult to keep going by this simple fact alone that I have no friends.
Same. 21F. Zero friends or partner in real life. Fuck my life.
Who doesn't?
honestly not having any friends hurts way more than not having a romantic partner
it really does make me feel like im going crazy :(
hey we're similar ages so if you want someone to talk to and stuff, we can be friends :) even tho i know online friends arent really the same
im 17F, we can be friends if you want!
Normal people don't get how crazy you can go without social interactions.
That would be nice:)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krxlwd/anyone_to_talk_with/
Is there someone who just want to chat about stuff in general and just chill? I'd be happy to talk with you!
Ping me
So what do you think of life? what do you think will happen to your life in the near future?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krvq96/anyone_else_like_think_back_to_a_meaningless/
So recently I've been thinking about this one instance of social interaction I had years ago. I haven't thought about it heavily, but for some reason it's in my head.  One time a friend and me were at a club, this random dude starts mock strip dancing at the podium. A small crowd was gathered around him, we were cheering him on. I told my friend I was gonna give him a dollar because the dude was so audacious, but he was kind of far from where we were. A cute girl apparently overheard us and offered to give him my dollar. I agreed, gave her the dollar and off she went. She came back, told me she couldn't reach him because the dude stopped strip dancing, and gave me back my dollar. I said thanks.  My friend and me continued randomly dancing because that's what you do, but I can feel the girl grinding me as we danced. There was no verbal communication, we were grinding. When dancing at the club, even though people are packed tight, you can tell the difference between an intimate sweet spot and a more stranger distance. This was the former. I didn't really think much of it, just acknowledging in my head what she was doing.   I've forgotten what happens next, but I know I don't talk to the girl after that. She was with friends, and I was with mine. I think we went our separate ways.  Now I'm thinking what could of been. Was she into me? Was it a dare? What if I asked for her name? Friend for life or forgotten encounter? Oh well.  She was cute.
Damn, I don't like clubs, loud music that you can't speak or hear yourself over.   But I wasn't aware of this 'grinding' stuff, that one sounds hot.   I would love to experience that, some random woman making it that obvious that she's attracted to you.   Don't ruminate over past things.   Go there again and have that experience again and act on it.   Well you might need to wait for Covid pandemic to end, but then take action.
Good for you, bro! You had social interactions
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ks089j/how_2021_is_going/
2021 is nothing different than 2020 to me
I know 2021 wont be any difference to 2020.
You really don’t want to hear the answer.
Still alive, guess that's a plus
It's been 6 days lol, ask again in the summer
Still rotting at home, alone. Pretty much the same as 2020 I guess, just now I write a 1 instead of a 0 in the year
Not bad so far, its shit being stuck inside but life is waiting for us once lockdown is done. You need to keep a positive attitude, you can't let yourself suffer in silence.
worse, way worse
Got demoted today at my job cuz of “shortage of work” due to covid restrictions. Got through a 1-3 day period of suicidal ideation. Relapsed on nofap. Trying to find some purpose and motivation to keep going. At least my birthday is next week 🎉. I wish you all the best
Way worse than 2020 😎
Maybe we will get a great summer, going to the lake and stuff.
Atleast i didnt expect too much
Is it tho....
I knew that this year gonna be asshole too ...
Still too early to say fam
Not for me. I had worse things happen last few days than 2020 so....
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kroauk/19m_just_because_im_broken_doesnt_mean_i_dont/
I'm sick, yes. I have depression, anxiety and schizophrenia. I take medications for these and the aim is for me to get better and get healthier. But no one seems to want to support me through this.   I have always been on my own. My family won't accept my mental health issues and I'm literally not talking to them because they make it worse. I've never had friends, everyone always leaves and I end up on my own and by myself.   I've never had a relationship, someone to love and to love me back. That's all I really want man. You know? I want to matter to someone, I want someone to get excited when my name pops up on their phone. I want morning and goodnight texts. I want to matter beyond the words.   But I doubt I ever will. I'm an ugly fucker who plays sad songs on his guitar and complains about life to a psychiatrist. They won't even let me come in and spend a month there when I need it. Their new plan is to tell me shit gets better and stay hopeful. The fuck does that even mean.   I'm broken and I can't be mended. Im that toy you broke and your father can't fix with superglue. I'm the forgotten ball down the backgarden or the snapped string on a forgotten instrument. I don't matter and I don't think I ever will.
Nobody deserves love & relationships if they don't have the requisite SMV
(20F) here, Idk why but this made me extremely sad/teary eyed 🥺❤️ I don’t wanna feed into the cliche but I do believe there’s someone out there for everyone! You just gotta keep being yourself/ enjoying every moment you are alive to the absolute fullest..... sending you a whole lot of love and virtual hugs!💜💜💜🧸🧸🧸🧸🧸🧸🤗🤗🤗
Same bro. I felt sad. I have lost all my hooes about this world. I am reading bible everyday to cope with this reality. If god does exist than I have hope of escape. If god doesn't exist it is better I die. I am really sorry for your situation.  >complains about life to a psychiatrist.   I am seeking them for years I only lost money. I will continue but I feel hopeless. You can dm me if you feel alone.
I like hugs *hug* Thank you so much.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krrd6d/im_going_through_a_spell/
I'm 48 and FA. I was actually married once back in my 20's. I think the only reason i found someone was because they found me. And we foolishly got married too soon and we were divorced before we knew it. I still have a lot of bad memories from that time. I did hook up with one other person about a year after that, but it was a bad experience. So now i have been FA for about 20 years now. About 10 years ago i found some hobbies and became content with being alone. But every so many years i go through a lonely spell. And it hurts bad inside. Something triggers it. One time it was a movie that caused it. This time around it was seeing pictures of Emma Watson and falling madly in love. I'm so pathetic but she is so beautiful. lol  99% of the time i'm content with watching porn and fapping and that is all i need. I don't even want to have a relationship. I don't even like the thought of it. Let's face it, i'm addicted to my addictions, watching youtube, playing video games, etc. And i have extreme social anxiety so i don't have the courage to meet anyone and don't like leaving the house unless i have to. I'm also super lazy, i'm a slob etc. I even have some sexual issues that don't help matters and that just makes my social anxiety worse. Always thinking negative thoughts. I'm sure in a few days or weeks i'll get over this spell and get back to normal. But at the moment i'm dying inside. Heartache like you can't believe. (Is Heartache the proper word to use there?)  I want to make out with a girl so bad. Ugh.  :-)  So i did a bad thing, i put a listing on POF. I got the courage to do so. And now i'm afraid someone could message me. I don't think i could handle it. But of course in my profile i told my whole life story, mentioned my Anxiety and everything else. All that is probably a turn off. But i feel, it would be impossible for me to be with anybody if i didn't tell all that stuff first. Now my Anxiety is triggered even more and i can't relax. Can't get these negative thoughts out of my head. I'll be all right. Just humor me please. Tell me everything is going to be okay.
It's as if I also wrote this, minus the marriage and a hookup.  I also agree about the crippling loneliness thing.   I got struck with it a week or two ago, all of a sudden, don't know what triggered it.   I just cried randomly a few times per day for random days during the week.   Before that if was content with my loneliness, or better said I learned to manage it and live with it with the help of my many coping strategies.  But it's sad to hear you were almost there in your 20's, at the brink of escaping FA life and still ended up like this.  And I know I can easily end up 48 and living like I do now, but I don't want to.   I've reconciled with my past and the regret of waisted youth.   But the fear of being 48 and looking back on the past 10 years with the same regret and sorrow and depression scares me like nothing in this world.   I'm using that to push me to act.   Sure, trying to meet people and finding someone is also scary and hard, but not as scary as regretting a life unlived and wasted.
I was just giving this same advice to a 16 year old.. you're not FA. You had success at some point in your life with women. You can again.   I'm around 10 years younger than you. I've legitimately never had a woman show any kind of genuine attraction toward me. You were married.   You actually have problems which can be resolved by therapy and / or self improvement. You're just not doing either.   I have tried both, and have nothing to show for it because the root of my problem isn't internal, it's external.
What's POF?
Thanks. for the reply. I also went through a time where i regretted my wasted youth. Regretted not going to party's and hanging with the cool kids. But i got over that. It wasn't really my scene anyway. I have always been a video game nerd.   I'm probably telling more info than what anybody needs to know. But i sometimes have trouble climaxing. I'll get close and lose it. Not all the time but sometimes, even by myself it happens. But it happened with my ex a lot. And back then there wasn't all this info on the internet about such things. If there was i just never found it. I know now i'm not alone and lots of people have similar issues.  But she was not helpful at all. Sometimes she would throw her hands up and say, it's me isn't it, you don't find me attractive. That just crippled me. I got to the point i never wanted to have sex with her anymore. A combination of that and me getting addicted to the internet in the late 90's led to the divorce. That scarred me for a long time. I got over that for the most part, but i still fear it could happen if i ever did get with a girl again.   But i don't think i would want a serious relationship anyway. I don't want kids, never have, and i'm selfish, not overly romantic. Hell i can't even get to sleep if someone is touching me. My ex always wanted me to hold her while she fell asleep, but i just can't do that. Even if i'm just watching tv, i get uncomfortable and itchy if someone is touching me. I hate that too since i the thought of the touching sounds relaxing, but in reality it's a jumpy itch fest. lol
Did you reply again? It disappeared before i got to read it. :(
I may have been open to therapy 20+ years ago. But now i'm old, stubborn and stuck in my ways and i would be bored to death. I feel if i can't get over something myself i just won't do it. That's probably not the best way to go about things. Oh well i guess. But good luck to you.
Plenty of Fish. It's a dating site.
No it's fine sharing.   I'm sorry you have that issue. That must have been hard.   Only if you could have found someone more understanding about you issue, it might have turned out better for you.  I'm also afraid that my loner life made me selfish.    I also don't know do I want kids, not until I can know I can maintain a healthy relationship and a career that can provide for a family.  Well it's good that you're aware of you issues. Just be sure that you feel the way you feel and you can live with the choices you made.   I deluded myself that I'm fine being alone for all my life.   Once I admitted to myself that I'm not, I broke down with deep sadness and regret for my lost youth. So now I'm trying to work my way out of a loner mindset and lifestyle.
Thanks for sharing. I also have mixed feelings about having a relationship and I think it’s because I’ve built my life around being single in a way. I’ve always had it at the back of my mind to just make money and settle for sex with hookers even when I was in high school and lo and behold I’ve only had sex by paying.  I know I’m in my mid 20s things could change but I’m not putting as much focus on finding someone anymore. I sincerely empathize with you, this is becoming more common for men & women just shows the dating market is something else now 😂. Wishing you all the best
No I did not. Maybe I edited the comment.
Well, see, not to be mean, but that's your fault, not the fault of any woman who doesn't find you attractive. Furthermore, I don't know why you're venting if you're not going to do the work to change things.   I have done the work and have gotten nowhere, and I'm not complaining about my situation. It is what it is.
The hooker thing sounds interesting but I don't think I could ever do that. I think the closest I ever got was calling a phone sex number like 15+ year ago while I was drunk. The girl was friendly and when it was over I was rambling on and she was urging me to hang up because the call was gonna be expensive. And she was right. I think it ended up being $70+ lol
I never felt like I was venting. Just telling my story. I thought it might make me feel better if I did. I ramble on a lot. It's just what I do. Sorry if I said anything that sounded like I was complaining.
😂 😂
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kr6s32/my_friend_jokingly_said_he_cant_imagine_me/
I'm so down right now. Even my friends can feel how unwanted I am. I now know for a fact I must be ugly, because I would never say something like this to an attractive guy.   I just want it to end. I'm tired of living like this, listening to people's experiences, seeing girls ogle my hot friends. I can't take it anymore. I'm starting to having suicidal thoughts for the first time.
I also can’t imagine myself kissing a girl lmao. I feel like, hypothetically, if I ever got the chance, I wouldn’t know what to do with my mouth and it would just be really awkward.
If my friend said that to me I’d probably just reply “same” haha
Mine is even worth, they said they cant imagine someone falling in love with me. Pepehands man, hopefully we'll all find someone.
My friends used to tell me that I will 100% find girl before finishing highscool. And I was trying to find. But now it's 4 years after I finished highscool and I am still kisless and hugless nerd without having any relations with girls. I am having suicidal thoughts too. Not only because I have no gf but also I don't have male friends. Sometimes I really hate myself. But I won't do this yet because I don't want to make my parents suffer. I will try to get out from my situation. But I don't even know how to do this.
Maybe he couldn't imagine it not because you're ugly, but because you're very shy? Not sure if that is much consolation though.
At least you have a friend, fake or not.
People who put you down like that aren't your friends.
What kind of weirdo would imagine their buddies kissing a girl anyway lol
🖤🖤
Evidently my brain can't either, if a dream gets to that point I wake up because my brain doesn't know how to render it.
Great people of FA, I feel not $hit anymore 👍
😂😂😂 fuck that’s brutal
The thing is we all want to be close to girls we also have a fear to talk to them whether they'll like it or not. So I can feel u buddy l. Thats so me :_(
What are friends? Friends are people that you think are your friends But they're really your enemies with secret identities and disguises to hide their true colors So just when you think you're close enough to be brothers they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't looking
Yea, just find somebody haha, just get a gf amirite duuude..... Smh...
Can you imagine yourself doing that? It's your opinion that should matter to you, apart from the girl you wanna kiss
Hey man.  Don't let it get you down.  You just need to focus on other things in life.  Don't be too bogged down about women.  If it happens its a bonus.  But don't expect too much.  Best of luck..
GET NEW FRIENDS him/her!! I mean that. Everyone is attractive to another person, good looks makes for a good night but a good heart makes for a good life with a partner. It’s not always easy but it tests you and builds your character, it takes time everybody is different. Some people don’t lose their virginity until they’re 20,22,24,26 whatever. It’s not a race, believe me. It’s not the cool thing to do to brag to your friends about how many girls/ guys you’re talking to. Build yourself and be yourself
I was at a bonfire in 12th grade, near the end of the year. I was 18, and one of the richest most popular kids, who'd basically dated every girl that ignored me, overheard me talking about wanting to sing.   He turns in his chair with his current girlfriend in his lap, and without missing a beat goes, "Even if you're the best, it'll never happen because you don't have the face for it."  I've been where you are, and I was so lonely.  But fast forward. Not even 8 months at having a plan, practicing some of the minor stuff, etc...  I'm waking around a mall in Illionois (Florida kid mind you, super tan, Justin Bieber hair, convinced I was hideous lol), unable to look at girls, like I'm a burden to their eyes, you know?   Dude, so many girls stopped and like, INTEREOGATED me about my tan. Telling me how cute I was for being shy. Why do I look at my feet? Etc.  You will have a time you come into your own, and that stuff just shatters. This was 15 years ago. I know I'm attractive now, and I kill it in karaoke bars, too. I'm the exact kind of famous, liked, attracted, etc...that I ever wished for in my most "precipice" moments.   I also had girls roller skate around me in 4th grade and chant "Ricky Retardo" during the slow couples dance, for rollerblading out on the floor to try and find a partner LOL. I neverrr went back.  I'm telling you. There is at least one experience out there where you will feel like the universe made you the center. The more hopeless it feels, I truly believe the stronger it is, when it comes.
[deleted]
Bro you are what you think you are.      Get out of your comfort zone, embarass yourself to learn that it really isn't that scary.    Set down your expectation.    3 years ago i thought i would be a virgin for the rest of my life because im ugly af.      Now i have been in 2 relationships, had sex a ton of times, and my selfesteem is better than ever.      I still look the same (minor differences maybe) the thing that has changed is my attitude, i talk to girls like i talk to guys, i do not think about if im akward or not. Don't expect to get the hottest girl in your area, but don't think you can't make it.      It's all in your mind period!
Lmao wtf, why you give a shit about women that badly. Just do what makes you happy in life lol. Imagine being suicidal over women lol.
Bro, just wait until it happens and you’ll be like idk why I was so worried. Your life has meaning more than kissing someone, and like I said it’ll happen. It’s probably not as great as you think anyways
[deleted]
Lower your standards then... Ever seen a lonely girl sitting by herself who's a little over weight or has acne? How about one that has dated tons of terrible men?   That's your chance buddy. Either that or wait who knows how long for a hot girl to actually initiate something with you. Find someone at your level who is shy and move in. They'll be glad someone has an interest in them just like you'd be.
oooor your friend is jealous of your looks so he tired to lower your self esteem
Same...
it's not too bad honestly, in my first kiss at 25 i did pretty well somehow. you'll know what to do. its not something that you even need experience for as long as you get a proper idea from watching others
If you meet a girl that you really find trustworthy and you can be really vulnerable to you wouldn't worry about it to much. :)
Then they'll turn it back around on you in some deep out of left field psychological way. At least that's from my experience.
And he'll know it must have stung since you would know he's had girlfriends before.
Same
"You can't imagine ME kissing a girl??? How DARE you!" Replies your friend.
Wtf kind of "friends" you have?!
Small steps, 1 step at a time, it's a slow process.
My thoughts exactly. If I were in OP's shoes my instinct would be to interpret that as a comment on passivity and unassertiveness rather than anything to do with looks. But then I know nothing about OP's appearance or personality, or the context of the conversation, or the type of relationship he has with his friend.
I'd take it as awkwardness and maybe lack of a sexual presence more than ugliness as well
Fake friends are not better than no friends. They only use you for whatever you have to offer.
Friends is an American television sitcom, created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman, which aired on NBC from September 22, 1994, to May 6, 2004, lasting ten seasons. With an ensemble cast starring Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow, Matt LeBlanc, Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer, the show revolves around six friends in their 20s and 30s who live in Manhattan, New York City.  More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friends     *This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*  *Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*  *If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*
Hell yeah Wick well said!
How do you kill it in karaoke bars?
Women like attractive men. Some women a willing to settle for unattractive but wealthy men if their own financial situation is not great.
That doesn't sound very enticing, when I've watched my broke, jobless friends who are still in college, date multiple girls at the same time. It would make me even more sad if girls only liked me after I became rich.
Bold of you assume that he isn’t successful regarding career. This is exactly what people think of us: “He’s lonely and ugly, he must be a failure :C.”  Piss off.
Well, you're correct some do. Upvote there.  But, the question I'd want a potential son to ask himself is: are women who like successful men always women who treat them right?
The level of gaslighting on this one lmao
Fucking preach my dude!
You literally made multiple posts about how you're shy with women and want to change because talking to women makes you happy.  Not sure why you felt the need to shit on OP.
Are you one of those mgtow guys or there's some new kind of cope in fashion these days?
I'm a lesbian and I agree lmfao
u in the wrong sub spreading shit like this man, intimacy and love are human desires that you can‘t live without
He has slept with God knows how many girls, plus he has numerous other girls simping for him. Why would he ever be jealous of me?
You just do what you like. No need to 'perform'.
_Like that's ever gonna happen_
That’s never gonna happen
The man is on point. Stop whining and  downvoting him; he already said IF, not WHEN.
Are you lost bro?
Came to support Horseman. Y'all back off lol. I'm 34. 29 to 32 was the joy of my life, then I went back to miserable and alone like we all are lol :)   It kind of ebbs and flows as years go on. The like, two, that I was vulnerable with were relationships where I was actually cared for in my depression. It even got better. They are out there.
i can understand someone saying not being able to imagine a person kissing a girl, like maybe the person is a very studious serious person.. but saying that they cant imagine a person falling in LOVE with that someone is just fucked up - and also untrue. Your friends are jackasses.
Having male friends is basically a controlled type of harassment and an arena for males to compete and raise their social status by putting other men down.
friends
Think about it, these friends of mine have always been around me since the beginning of highschool, they never seen any girl approaching me in a romantic way they've also introduced me to some people and it never worked out. They're didnt chose to be dick but the society is the way it is, if youre 23 years old and your friends never seen you even get close to a girl for the 8 years they've been friends with you they would feel maybe in terms of finding a so i have a problem.
What do you mean by sexual presence?
Lol yeah, you're right. I just thought having someone you can talk to or hand out with would be better than not having anything.
Sir Mix A Lot and also Imagine Dragons most of the time.
I had a girl correct herself once regarding not needing money to love someone, after being with me 2 years. It definitely hits you some kinda way LOL
[deleted]
[deleted]
yea man.There is nothing wrong with being ugly at all. It is actually good to realise that you are not the most attractive guy. You look how you look, and it is only in some cases that u actually can change your look.  So the rest is in your mind. You have 2 options  1. You develop a deep sorry for yourself, and accept that your ugly and are never going to get a girlfriend, everytime you see a girl you day dream and wish to make a move but you don't because you think you will get shut down. 2. You accept the fact that you are ugly, set your expectation according to your looks. You realise you have to embarass yourself, you have to be very akward until you learn how to speak to girls, in order to do it comfortably. You stop feeling sorry for yourself and just go for it until you learn. Once you learn, you realize that the only thing stopping you from getting laid, is your own mind and expectations.  I know what im choosing (:
Idk when I posted those but since then life changed for the better once I listened to my friends and others advise. Also im telling him the truth because I could relate to him. Im stating the truth not just for him but for many others like him and me. Clearly he hasn't heard of the truth because he has suicidal thoughts. But once he reads my comment thst you guys downvoted lol, he will realize how those stupid thoughts are not necessary at all. And he should keep his head up. Its not easy at all. Wasn't easy for, hell I still think I'm progressing.
Idk whats happening but ot seems like these fuckers were let loose in this sub lately
[deleted]
I dont know man sometimes i have to agree with that. I mean a lot of my friends said that bro arent you going to find a girlfriend we dont ever remember the last time you were flirting with someone? And even introduced me to some people. I just dont have it in me and they kinda accepeted it i guess.like not even a single girl was romantically attached to me, im just the clown guy who people enjoy to have around i light up the mood and they support me in different ways. I wouldnt call them jackasses theyve been with me through the hell i went through and didnt leave my side.
I really do love my friends and they helped me trough a lot. Byt yeah i totally agree with that
there are some people who have a strong sexuality or are good at showing physical affection as well as body language that shows approachability.  some people have the opposite problem.
I thought so too, but I came to realize that wasn't the case for me. Maybe it is for you, but I'd say if you're not really getting anything out of the friendship, you're in the same situation as I was.
You'll probably feel worse if you can talk to them for a while then they abandon you
I mean I enjoy karaoke too, I meant more how do you use it to meet women?
Well, to me there’s no indication in the OP that the guy’s young. It just seemed like you were trying to make fun of him.  Apologies for going at you.
That makes a lot of sense actually ty for clarifying too   I know after Iraq, I was so excited to be noticed by a female, I enhanced her qualities, because of how she treated me, and made me feel initially. That caused me to infer that as her own character being amazing, and not look much deeper.  I would be the protective scared parent probably lol 😅 "Son women are mind warlocks, with savage and unknowable magics!" He's staring horrified as I raise my robed arms, and continue my speech, from my  bathrobe.   "Guard yourself against their third eye, for they can see into your afflictions, and wield them against thee!"
"set your expectations according to your looks".  Bah. I have zero expectations and I'm still let down.   With an average of a Mach (that always and without fail ends after a short conversation) every 4 months on Tinder for the last 4 years , and exactly 2 matches (and obviously zero dates) in 4 years of OkC, it's evident it's not just the looks. Add to that being literally incapable to approach a girl in person (not for fear of embarrassing myself, since that's a given, but because I don't know how to go about doing it, and even if I did I already know the end result, since there can be no other), and we can see that this is a whole load of platitudes, or at the very least "advice" that's only fit for folks that don't need it.   Some of us (specifically me) are truly broken beyond repair and can only be healed by dying.
Bro love yourself, focus on your goals in life. Very much agree that it is good to realize you are "ugly" and it is important to understand the steps to take to get out of the hole you dug up in your mind. Another thing is that women are ugly which is why they wear extra makeup to look somewhat better lol. Hope that helps boost confidence for others. Glad you shared your story, I'm happy for ya. Im still in the stage  of being a virgin still at 21. Tbh im in no rush. But getting uncomfortable and talking to girls as if you were talking to guys helps you build confidence even though I know its not easy in the beginning. Then you learn the embarrassing moments are not shit in your life. Get over it and go for the next girl in your line. Thats what people in reddit are for, to give advice and to relate. Nothing wrong sharing your story like the OP, it is great others give advice and the OP and like many others should use these useful advice.
Your original comment is demeaning and mocks him for the way he is feeling.  Shocking that you think your comment would actually "make him realize his thoughts are "stupid" (lol what) and not necessary at all".
its not like we disagree but when worries of life become too much, and you just want someone where you can support each other?  easy to say not easy to do.   "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder" Doesn't mean that 'beauty', in standards of common public, is irrelevant. Its the first thing people see. Many are attracted to more good looking, fit people. Thats just how it is.  we are people who live in shit, in a loop of depression  where we are alone, but cant find someone to care because no one wants to deal with our shit(fair tbh),  and end up falling deeper in self hate until a miracle happens. You cant expect us to suddenly stand up and become all positive, even if thats the 'reasonable' thing to do. If we could do that we wouldnt be fucking here? its because some of us are just weak idiots who need support and i think its stupid to tell us, 'oh just stand up, gain confidence, train your social skills'.  I dont disagree completely, but wrong sub.
Well, one time. That song I Put Your Picture Away, a duet, was one I did. I didn't know the lyrics so I did an intentionally goofy interpretive dance while she sang it. She just laughed a lot and later this weird feeling passed between us, and I just tried and it worked. Being outside on a smoke break or something where she won't get heckled helps, too.  Other times they approach me or singers happen to be their type. I honestly don't know what they decide or what attracts them. And sometimes they lose interest, too.
[deleted]
Totally agree man im 21 myself. Another thing that helps is not masturbating too much. This is very important imo if you are addicted to masturbating every day it fucks your mentality.  And yea girls are ugly too, and maaany girls don't look for looks they look for confidence and how your act. Girls can feel when your insecure and nervous, so when you build that tolerance, and can freely talk without worry, you instantly become more attractive to them.
I agree
Check a video on catastrophising. Not disagreeing with you btw just sth that helped me a little
Ah, no worries.
I have taken therapy and definitely recognize some of this! Never knew there was a word for it though, since those sessions were focused on social skills to combat mental disorders.  I'll probably check it out when i get out of bed, the tip is appreciated.
Yeah just having the word for it alone helps a lot, much love, dude ^ ~ ^
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krgv6a/realising_being_fa_is_more_than_just_about/
In high school and college I was the typical loner kid with zero friends zero girlfriends. College was slightly better cus I found weed and spent much of my time getting high. Tried super hard and got a good job but now I am realising that being alone and lonely in my formative years has basically stunted all my "soft skills" to the extent that I have none.   I stay in meetings not saying anything, my reaction to feedback, positive or negative, is always extreme.  I can't don't have friends in my team, just work colleagues.   Everyone around me seems to be super extroverted and into building their professional network and I just want all of this to be over with.  I can't even get good projects cus I am unable to reach out to senior people in the company.  I just wish I had a bit more social experience.
Know the feeling it's like a loop. I just stand there listening to other people even new guys start making connections and idk what to do.
You start to suspect something when no one calls or messages you first unless they absolutely have to (and even in that case).
I'm much the same, except that I've developed skills that force my employer to utilize me. I'm not sure what industry you're in or what your expertise is. Not everyone has the option, but maybe there are things you can do to make you more indispensable?
Meet people. Smoking weed is not the way to get friends. You got to bite the bullet. Go to where people are, join your colleagues when they go out, speak at coffe breaks. I am as introvert as anyone can be but I have learned how to go by in the world of socializing. No short cuts, practice is what makes perfect.
I know the feeling. But sometimes you just have to say fuck it and go for it. I recently did that not expecting much but I actually pulled it off. You can too.
The majority of people see introversion as "being too lazy to socialize" and there's nothing we can do to change that. You need to learn how to fake extroversion to some degree (in addition to having some social skills) or learn how to be content with your social status.
When you have crippling social anxiety, you can’t just “meet” people. And no, practice does not help.  Why can’t we succeed without the need to socialize?
Just dont be FA am i right? Haha easy...
Social anxiety is probably better than introvertness. Anxiety can be cured, i have none whatsoever anxiety before a party but my brain does not work when socialising starts and I get totally exhaused. And I used to think maybe the same as you. But I took the 10.000 hour race and it helped and paid off. You need other people, and people meet in social situations. You will never love those situations but you can learn how to handle them.
No difficult, but worth it.
I’ve tried. I’ve forced myself to handle these situations. I just can’t seem to do it.
Oh really? Never would have thought....
Year after year going to parties, joining coffee breaks, joining a sports team, a choir or whatever. Constantly feeling drained, outside, stressed. That was my tweens after being more or less lonely as a teenager believing that I would be FA. Now, as a father of two tweens, married to a still beautiful extrovert woman I do not regret the 10.000 hours. I do still whine about my brain not working in social situation, I still had to go into a closet and sink into a stressed mess at my kids graduation parties, but I do highly enjoy life and I do seldom feel lonely.
Okay, im gonna be rude. Gtfo from this sub then.
Why? A lot of FA don’t wanna be FA, and there is a long hard road to stop being alone. Like my brother, introvert by birth and upbringing like me. He did not put the effort in and is now a lonely 50+. Uncomfort zone is the place to be to get results.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krnksr/dont_shame_escort_work_nor_men_choosing_to_do_go/
Most damaging advice to older FA's is against going to an escort.  People come here and give advices to older FA men not to go, that their first time should be special, that they should wait for the right person.   All the while you hear first sex stories, where large portion of them tell the stories how it was bad meaningless sex, how they were drunk and barely remember it.   The ones able to make it special and enjoyable are in a minority.  Escort services and especially "Girlfriend experience" escort service I claim can be a best solution for older male virgins. They even prescribe it in Netherland in a documentary I've watched about late virgins.  It can help them with shame of being virgins, fear of intimacy, anxiety with women, hangups of not knowing what to do their first time being older.  For me, I regret not going 10-15 years ago.   I claim it would help me get rid of shame of being a virgin, which in turn made me just seclude myself from others.    It would prove to me that sex and intimacy is natural and normal and not think of myself like a pervert of ever trying to initiate conversation with a girl with this intention in my mind.   It would prove to me that I can perform as a man and gain confidence for it.   It would get rid of the anxiety of trying to do it in real life with a woman.  Statistics show that a large portion of young men have issues with initiating into a sexual part of their adult life. Modern society and dating apps are not making it easy for some...  I imagine and wish that escort services would get legitimized where ever this trend is discovered.   And that "escort girlfriend experience" would be a prescribed solution for some.   Modern society turns a blinds eye on this issue for older virgins. Some get help from their friends if they have true caring friends that can notice their issues with all this and help them, guide them.   But some don't even have caring friends to that extent, and the ones they have don't touch that subject with them, they avoid it since for most FA it's a touchy subject to mention.
The problem that I have with escort services is the lack of any emotional attachment.  I want meaning with intimacy and sex. I want it to happen because the woman wants me, not my money.
I agree that this "first time should be special" is a big misconception. What makes it special for teenagers is the rite of passage and the first real romantic relationship. It can still be special after 20 for the latter reason, but then it's about the relationship and not about sex itself.  As soon as you have settled for hook-ups and ONS there is no difference to pay sex in regard to "first time should be special". And there is nothing wrong about casual sex and not wanting to wait for a relationship.
You're still paying a woman for not caring about you.  I think it's a dumb idea and you can't shame me into thinking differently.
Right on. If I want a release, I can do that myself. Why pay hundreds of dollars for someone who doesn't like me to do it?
There are escorts that are gentle and intimate.   Sure they want your money, but they provide so called 'girlfriend experience' with cuddling and full skin on skin contact.   Sure you know she's not emotionally invested in you, but I think your brain can be fooled with those sensations and help some to drive away loneliness or that 'touch starvation' some of us are not even aware we're lacking until we sense substantial skin contact with a woman.
Unfortunately, I don’t think my Aspie brain will be fooled. In fact, in that kind of situation, the fact that she’s not emotionally invested would be the only thing swirling in my mind to the point that any normal sensations would be greatly ignored.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krl9oy/my_friends_are_moving_on_without_me/
Hi there all, I just want to vent a little here. So I am a 23y male who's never had a girlfriend, never been on a date, a girl has never shown any interest in me. Whenever I'm out with friends and they meet a group of girls I feel so left out as the girls don't talk to me at all (not a exaggeration). Now all my friends have or have had girlfriends, they get girls with no problem. Then there's me, I feel like utter shit and have reached m breaking point. Besides my hopeless love life nothing else is going right in my life either but fuck me I really crave a loving partner which I've come to accept I won't meet anyone ever. Recently a friend of mine broke up with his girlfriend, he has gone on to sleep with 5 girls already through tinder...i decided to try tinder but I got no matches after week. That's right, 0 likes. I must really be that ugly and a utter trash of a person where a female can't even think to like me. I don't blame them, who would want to date me anyway, I'm ugly as shit. I literally can't imagine for a girl caring for me, loving me, wanting to touch me, wanting to be with me. I've come to terms with being lonely for good. Ill continue my nights filled of feeling numb and lost.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kroq41/playlist_of_misery/
Some days I just really feel like piling the sadness shitpile extra high by adding a soundtrack. If you guys want, add a sad song or two that just makes you want to give up entirely. I don’t care if it’s corny or anything and let’s not judge anyone’s taste in music. I’ll get us started.  [The Avett Brothers-I Wish I Was](https://youtu.be/Buga_CduDv4)  [AJR-Dear Winter](https://youtu.be/IJ2L8wM0gEw)  Thanks for the suggestions guys, it’s always nice to have new music to listen even if it makes you want to take a bath with a toaster.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N037A8Qg0TA  Fine on the Outside by Priscilla Ahn
I have a ton of music like that. All metal tho. Sentenced makes a lot of good misery music. The other two are DSBM.   [Sentenced - Excuse Me While I Kill Myself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BXwNCQ-Y1s)  [Sentenced - Noose](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnfMBo4IQ-g)  [Sentenced - Farewell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyRg0LN7pM8)  [Thy Light - In My Last Mourning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9BR7KnXfVQ)  [Veil - To Die Alone](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0DqpPlq_pU)
The end of the season two finale of Rick and Morty has made Hurt by Nine Inch Nails one for me.
Stranger by Secondhand Serenade   How a friend become a stranger which happened to me 5-6 years ago
Prophecies - Philip Glass. This song on repeat was the soundtrack to a failed suicide attempt, no other song ever evokes the same feeling of hopelessness.
Natalie Merchant - My Skin
[Hank Williams - Lovesick Blues](https://youtu.be/R46WSbXpMpE)   [Charlie Manson - My World ](https://youtu.be/8_gZ2a3l2ck)
Subdivisions by Rush  Digital Love by Daft Punk
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kra42o/ive_learned_one_thing_from_having_friends_no_one/
A lot of people says, that if you want to meet someone you can't to pretend be someone else. I'm saying, that you should enjoying what you love and not to be ashamed of as far as youre not makind harm to anyone. Well, right now I can say that this is a lot of BS. No matter who I'll text about my achievements or others like that, thruth is, no one cares. This is strange, because you can see how others are appreciated for smaller(?) achievements and successes. Maybe it's me, but from now on I'll now tell no one about myself until (if that'll ever happen) someone will show genuine interest into what I am doing.
I feel the same. I don’t really share my achievements with people around me anymore. I barely even know what the word “friend” means.
you just show yourself as a showoff and a bragging person. Unless its someone that cares genuinely, most will label you a weirdo inside their head.  Apparently we gotta mix it in with 'social skills' but hell would we be here if we had that lmao
I've learned one thing from not having any friends. No one cares about you.
True friends rarely exist, which is one of the reasons why I have no friends.
Yeah, most of us are mainly interested in ourselves.  That is just how humans are.  We aren't that good at looking over the shoulder of someone and really caring about them.
happy cake day
Me neither. At least you have achievements though.
Thank you! I didn’t even realize it myself. This made me feel a little better
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krc32b/no_longer_a_28_year_old_khhv/
Yup, I turned 29 this week and couldn't resist posting this drab joke. No apologies.  I  want to thank all the anonymous redditors who have in some way reacted to my previous posts and comments, thereby acknowledging my existence. IRL I often feel invisible or ignored but on Reddit I actually feel like I have a voice. Being an attention-seeking Redditor I appreciate the negative reactions too. On that note, I want to sincerely thank the online bully who repeatedly told me via PM to quit posting bullshit (not wrong about that ofc), to stop being a loser and to kill myself already before they deleted their account.  How do I feel having hit this last milestone on my glorious path to wizardry? Well, not all is bleak. I might have made some friends recently, or acquaintances at least. This also brought a few challenges. I usually feel inadequate, bitter and out of place when I have to listen to them talking about their (former) partners and romantic adventures. At times I catch myself thinking I would be better off without friends because at least I would not be constantly (or only superficially) reminded of my failures and rejections. But generally I believe that the pros of friendships outweigh the cons - even as an FAer. That's why hope I can keep in touch with these two guys. Let's see how it works out. Couples tend to focus on couple friends as they get older. In short, I have almost, but not entirely given up on romance but I am more sanguine with regard to other areas such as friendship. On my 30th birthday, I would like to have some non-family people over. That sounds like an achievable goal for me right now.
Happy birthday g
Happy birthday!  Why don't you cook something for them next year, or some other thing, I don't know...
Happy Birthday!
happy birthday
Happy birthday op
Happy Bday Whats a KHHV
Not far behind you! in 5 months, I as well am only 1 year from my wizard robes!
Happs birthday mate! Thank you for being here (although this isn’t a place to be proud of).
Being a wizard sucks. The robe is itchy and the hat smells like old cheese.  You don’t even get a cool staff or get to shout out “You shall not pass!” at people without them giving you quizzical looks.
Kissless hugless handholdless virgin
Ofcourse I know him, It is me.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krfff2/never_hugged_anyone_or_held_anyones_hand_before/
I've never been close to anyone, I've never had friends besides online literally ever.  I've never had people ask for my number just to be friends and talk and stuff, never had anyone genuinely seem like they want to be talking to me, I've never had anyone who wants to hang out or even just play something online together, never been invited to any of the group chats or anything people had with literally everyone else...  I wasn't really bullied or anything, or hated, but nobody ever likes me... I'm always just there, and no matter how hard I try, no matter if I'm the one who talks to them, no matter what, they always seem uninterested and want to just not talk to me at all...  I thought things would change when I got a job and got older, graduated...but nothing is different, it's more of the same, just now it's work, not school.   .   .  .   I'm so tired of trying  :(  I just want one person to be happy to see me, i want one person who wants to talk to me, and hangout, or just anything, idk i have no idea what that's like.  Sometimes, i just want a hug so badly i hug my pillow and cry, because no matter how tightly I hug, it will never hug me back...  I want to feel loved and wanted, i want to feel like someone else actually wants to be close to me...   But i know the reality is, I'm just ugly garbage trash, that's exactly where it belongs  :(
Hey, do you want to be online friends? Just chat over here and share funny stories? I am a bit old though (32y)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kreh3z/airports_are_not_a_fun_place_as_an_fa/
The airport is coupleville. They are everywhere. Sitting together, eating, chatting, holding hands. Must be nice. From an FA traveler.
Airports are not a fun place at all, for anyone.
This is why I don't travel and the fact that I'm broke
So many families too. And now that I'm getting older the parents are now the same age as me, but it's like they're on a whole different plane of existence to have such a different life. I'll never know what it's like to be a parent, have a family, or even have someone love me. It's dehumanizing
That's only because travel is back to peak now. When the pandemic started, I took around 15 trips, and I loved empty lounges & boarding gates. Delta is still blocking middle seats, so fewer people on Delta flights!
Now wait a minute; people keep bringing up "business trip" events like airports and restaurants and I can't be the only guy who was FA and did business trip stuff single, just like every other businessman?  I mean, sure, you fly into or out of some kind of couples meme honeymoon destination and it'll be packed with couples all the time, admittedly I never had the "misfortune" of having to baby sit equipment installations in Hawaii or at all inclusive resorts in Mexico.  Anyway as a guy who traveled some at corporate expense, if you want to avoid the couples my advice is take the 1pm flight on Friday, alternately "early mornings" on Monday or late on Sunday are good choices although you might hit the tail end of vacationers on Sunday afternoon.
agreed
I only do for work
😥 life passed us by
Yeah, for sure: the flight was almost full
> That's only because travel is back to peak now.  The virtue signaling is hilarious to watch, you'll see people screaming at each other to stay 6 feet away and wear masks while in line, then the sit in the plane packed in like sardines with their masks off eating meal / sipping drinks for hours.  What a joke.
Not on Delta.
Delta - The carrier of choice for FAs.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krbv5d/this_is_the_first_year_in_which_i_truly_have_no/
I used to cry myself to sleep every new years eve, because I’d feel like i’d wasted another year, but this year it just passed quietly. I have accpeted that I am doomed to be FA so I there is no more time pressure, just the slow, painful and oh so lonely march to death.
Not sure if you feel better or worse?  Hope can indeed be a painful thing.  I never found a partner (57) and have lived an okay life.  It is a different life but there are some benefits.  May this year in the march towards death be less painful and lonely than you expect . . .  I do mean that sincerely; I hope it doesn't sound sarcastic.
Yeah I used to try so hard to get a date, and get so devastated that nobody was interested in me, but now I've just given up. I'm too exhausted, just too totally drained that I know there's no way at this point that I'll ever have anybody.
Im sorry u feel this way..
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kr6l1c/i_sometimes_think_even_if_i_somehow_found_a_girl/

Yea, it's easy to feel that way or that you're behind a lot of people in terms of dating experience. But it seems that you're still in college, and there are plenty of people in the same boat, who are only having their first experiences in terms of dating as well.   Don't worry too much about not knowing what to do or thinking you may mess up. No body expects things will be perfect or that you have be a Casanova at that age - like in Hollywood movies/shows. Most of the time, people are just fumbling along and trying to see what works.
This is where communication is key. If she is with you, that means she likes you as you are. You dont have to follow the same achievements of everyone else because that just isn't possible. We all have different circumstances with different trajectories.   Don't worry about what you might do or the past. The focus should be on getting to know her. You do that by going out and doing activities together that she likes and things that you like as well. With any luck, you'll hopefully have activities that you both enjoy.
That's the problem with the whole "finding the one"-idea, you lack all the skills you'd get fooling around with people when/if you find her.
You might not have dating experience but hopefully you have general interpersonal experience. I may not have ever been in a relationship, or even been on a date, but even I know from observation that's a large part of it.
It's ok to fuck up because of low XP as long as you gain XP in the process. That's life.
Yeah I occasionally get under matches and even if they seem kinda into me, I ruin it when I don't know how to flirt, when to message ect, was an anxious shutaway for a few years in my late teens so I miss d out on learning what to do while people my age were
What if I'm 20 and haven't even held hands with a woman?
And if you don’t?
What if I’m 30 and haven’t even held hands with a woman?
Well, that can definitely make someone feel like their really talking behind, but a lot can change depending what your current situation is like, and what you may or can do in the future.  Like, if you decided to take up social dancing once the pandemic is over.   Also, it's not like something that's displayed like a Reddit flair for people to notice. Most people wouldn't know, or make a big deal about it.
Don't what? Don't gain XP?  If you're a human that's capable of learning, you will gain XP if you succeed or fail. If you're autistic, then that XP gain will be much slower and you will get much poorer returns on your investment of time and effort. It's a fucked up situation.
Exactly.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krliau/i_cant_go_to_sleep_because_im_afraid_of_the_future/
I haven't been able to sleep well at all in the last couple of months, I way in my bed just closing my eyes and I can't sleep at all. All that I think in my head is just missing every opportunity to have someone to love, last time I had a girlfriend was five years ago, I was just 13 it was the best feeling in the world. untill she cheated on me twice, my heart shattered. I just wanted validation and love and affection and intimacy. I never got those feelings from anyone, I had chances to proceed past a friendship with my friends but, I'm just too nervous scared of rejection and now I don't have any friends. If I had a girlfriend most of my mental thoughts would clear, I wouldn't be always in a severe state of depression, I would be able to express my feelings and be me. There are things about me that I hold dear to my heart and at this rate of no one even wanting to be my friend, I guess I'm taking it to the grave.
Get prescription pills
Don't dwell on the past, and don't live in the future, live in the present.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krcda3/can_a_womans_opinion_of_a_guy_depend_on_their/
I find that women who are in committed, long term relationships tend to have a good opinion of me compared to single women.   During a conversation with a group of women years ago, it dawned on me that the three women who were either married or basically married were completely comfortable talking with me, but the one woman who was single was clearly uncomfortable with me and confrontational. I forget how the full conversation went, but we were talking home ownership and the single lady made a pretty snotty comment to me. I remember one of the other ladies actually called her out on it and asked her what her problem was.   Since then I've notice the same pattern. Anyone else experience this or am I just imagining things?
[deleted]
Perhaps, but disclaimer, this is just my assumption about this situation since I'm not a woman.   From my experience, I would say that a guy's relationship status can change a woman's opinion towards the guy though. First, I feel that most women have their guards up around single men, as they are wary of getting hit on, or dealing with the advances of single men. However, I have noticed that when a guy in a relationship, suddenly a lot of women are friendlier or more open and receptive, namely because he's no longer a "threat" as he's off the market/in a relationship.   Second, I would say that women are friendlier or more receptive to guys who are in a relationship, namely because of what I would say is a form of social validation or credit. Where that guy must desirable, boyfriend material or be doing something right if a girl is dating him. Sort of similar to how it's easier to find jobs when you are already employed, or like how people would prefer to wait for a seat at a busy restaurant (because it must be good) as opposed to the empty one next door (something must be wrong) analogy.  Though, I feel that in OP's case - it's more of the former - where the women who are in long-term relationships are at ease with him because they are in a relationship; whereas the one who is not in a relationship still had her guard up towards OP.
You know, I'd expect that to be the case, but this isn't the only such interaction I've had with single women vs. women in relationships. For one, I'm not talking about hitting on them, just striking up conversation. It's been decades since I dared try to hit on a woman.   More recently, but still a few years ago, I had a coworker who was a single lady a few years younger than me. I really got the sense that she was scared of me. I know it sounds stereotypical for this sub, but I she gave off this vibe like she thought I was a potential rapist. Any time I tried to converse with her, she'd adopt a kind of defensive and closed off body language, and she'd rarely say more than a few words to me. She wasn't like that with any of the other guys in the company, some of whom were single. I haven't experienced that with any of the other women, none of whom are single.   I know that's anecdotal, but I have many other similar anecdotes. I'm really wondering if other guys have had similar experiences.
I just realized the post title was misleading. I was talking about the woman's relationship status, not the man's.
[deleted]
Oh yea.  I was gonna just respond with the latter, but was looking at your question and trying to bridge the gap.
That's what I'm saying though. Call it interaction or opinion or whatever, it's the same concept.   I should say that lady was one of the few times I've had extremely negative interactions with a woman, and the only recurring one. Most of the time I just get a general lack of interest.
So you can't expect single women to want to talk to you in any capacity if you're not good looking?
[deleted]
Right, but again, I'm not talking about hitting on women. I'm asking if a woman's opinion of the men she interacts with is notably determined by that woman's relationship status.
It’s not about whether or not you’ve actually already hit on her, it’s about single women being permanently on guard that someone might try. Married women get to flash a wedding ring that can act like a magic force field and repel creepy dudes, so she’s not going to be as guarded.
[deleted]
Why is it expected that married women don't get hit on? I suppose it's not common, but see that happen occasionally enough that I wouldn't call it rare either.   Also, I've noticed that women who aren't married but are in long term relationships behave the same as married women when it comes to me at least. Another lady that I worked with at the same time wasn't married, but had been dating a guy for a few years when I met her, and she never acted cagey or upset when I interacted with her. I didn't even know she was in a relationship until several months after I met her.
[deleted]
>Relationships are more complex than that, especially nowadays. People who cheat, if it is cheating and not an open relationship, do so for a wide variety of reasons other than being promiscuous.   >   >As for why anyone would hit on a married person, that should be  obvious - because they are attracted to that person and they think they have a shot at sex with them. Actually, that's the reason anyone hits on anyone, which brings me back to my point. I don't ever think I have a shot at sex, so I never hit on any women.   >   >I understand your premise that women only look at their interactions with men as though they all want sex, but even I know that's not any more realistic than the idea that men think about sex every ten seconds.   >   >Also, it doesn't explain my positive interactions with women who weren't married, but were in long term relationships. They don't have a ring or anything to announce their relationship status, so why aren't they afraid of leading me on?
[deleted]
I'm sorry but you've gone completely off topic now. To reiterate what you've said that is pertinent, you've said in a roundabout way that women do base their opinion of a guy on their own relationship status. You say it's based on interaction, but that interaction is based on opinion.
[deleted]
No, I literally didn't ask that. I didn't say anything about leading me on. You're injecting that into the discussion.   People form an opinion of other people based on a wide array of qualities and personal filters. I asked if a woman's opinion of a guy can be influenced by their own relationship status, or in other words if that relationship status could be considered a filter.
[deleted]
"Right, but again, I'm not talking about hitting on women. "  \-Me several comments before that.  Seriously, you're the one that derailed this into some kind of a discussion of women being made to feel threatened by single guys. I wasn't even talking about the guy's relationship status, although I did realize that the original post was misleading and may have given that impression.   If that's what you're hung up on, I figured you saw where I cleared that up with the other commenter who responded.
[deleted]
Ok, then all of my experiences are coincidental. You could have just said that to begin with.   And please don't try to play it off like you've been saying that all along. Your first comment injected this whole tangent about me hitting on women into the discussion, and you've been stuck on it since.
[deleted]
How one person interacts with another is based on their opinion of that other person. Now you're back to just confirming my perception of events, but you're trying to rephrase it since you don't want to accept it for whatever reason. Make up your mind.
[deleted]
Of course people develop an opinion of people they just met.   Frankly, I think you have some sort of psychological issue which is driving you to inject your own insecurities into the situation I described, and you're locked into trying to prove me wrong no matter what. That's why you're going back and forth and contradicting yourself.
[deleted]
Actually, yes, you're the only woman to have told me this. And you yes, you are contradicting yourself, although I can see that you don't seem to understand it.  A woman will only be nastier to me for fear that I will approach her if she has a negative opinion of me. You can't seriously suggest that single women blindly turn away any and all men, regardless of their opinion of the guy.  Edit: Take it back, one other lady did post. I didn't spot it before. However, she pretty much did the same thing you did which is to confirm my suspicion, but word it in such a way as to obfuscate.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krc9uj/normie_friend_really_laying_it_on_thick_tonight/
A good friend of mine is really laying it on thick tonight of the cliche responses. I feel grateful that someone "cares" but it's kind of difficult to take it as genuine from someone who has not been single for longer than a month. Some of the suggestions given were: get a haircut (that's legit), go to the gym, meal prep, take a class, work on career, etc. Being 31, I have done all of these things (minus meal prep) and more and none of this has done anything. Thankfully this has been all through text so they don't hear my audible sigh.
The thing about these suggestions are that most are lifelong. You dont do it for a set amount of time and then decide that it didn't work out.   Working out and being fit is a lifelong aspiration. You have to maintain it or else you may gain weight and/or lose your "gains." Same with taking classes and working  on a career. The idea is to build personal achievements so you have something to feel good about and that has the possibility of attracting someone at some point. Your main goal is to feel better about yourself. It shouldn't be "well i did this and that but no gf so that advice sucked." Meal prep falls in with dieting and its a great way to remain organized and structured.
[deleted]
Put your friend on the spot - tell them to find you someone who'd be attracted to you if you put yourself through all of your friends suggestions.
Your friends don't have any useful advice but as long as you keep moaning about being FA they'll give you the best advice they can come up with, which will be bad.
Agreed, for sure. I'm not denying that. I didn't mean to make it sound like I did it for awhile and then stopped. That would be my fault for not elaborating. I still go to the gym a couple days a week and eat well and do silly hobbies to be entertained.
I'm confused by your comment. If the actions are meant to change dating outcomes then they can't take a lifetime to come into effect, otherwise they're useless actions. On the other hand, if you mean that the actions must be taken up early enough to make a difference, then telling someone to take them up too late also makes them useless.
Lol not sure actually. I'm not fit but also not hugely overweight. I think it was more of a lifestyle change suggestion.
Yeah and I imagine at that point, your friend likely has nothing else to say so he just repeats the same thing. It sucks but all we can do is try to maximize our chances and leave the rest to luck.  At least you're staying the course with working out and keeping occupied with hobbies
Its neither of those, the primary purpose of the actions are to better your life in general. Dating outcomes being improved are something that is hoped but there is no guarantee on that and that shouldn't be the main focus.
Ok, but the advice is being given as a way to improve someone's dating prospects.
I imagine that's because his friend is only looking at the situation from their own perspective, its misleading and should have been worded differently. The advice cannot guarantee an improvement in dating prospects but its a better option than doing nothing. In a situation such as this, those are the two polarizing options.
Honestly, it sounds like you know your original post was nonsense and you're trying to apply strained rationale to pull it back out of the trashcan. You don't know what in what context the advice was given, and neither do I for that matter. We're both making assumptions.  However, given where the OP posted, I feel like my assumption that the advice was given as straight up dating advice and not general life advice is more likely.
As I said, its not the best as dating advice as there seems to be an expectation that it needs to work under a certain time period. Friend should have expanded on that, sounds like he was speaking on his own experiences which were likely easier.   The advice is tied to both dating and life and in many cases, both can benefit but the keyword is focusing your expectations on the life advice part.
I certainly don't want to discourage anyone from doing any of these things as they are good general advice. But, again, my assumption was that the advice the OP was getting was meant specifically as dating advice. In that respect it may or may not be helpful, and it shouldn't take a long term commitment to find out whether it is or isn't.  I don't want to try to speak for the OP, but many people don't see a point in living a long, healthy life if that life is devoid of any meaning or purpose. Most people find meaning and purpose in relationships and families, and without those things they find this kind of advice useless, even in general.   Me personally, I don't find it useless, but I do find it patronizing and obvious, especially coming from a friend. If the OP's friend is really a friend, they should know the OP well enough to offer more targeted advice.   A good friend would also be working to help the OP find a partner by trying to encourage others to look past the OP's flaws and focus on their strengths rather than only expect to OP to correct the flaws. That could be happening, but from the tone of the post I'm just guessing that it isn't.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krbeg5/when_f_in_m4f_doesnt_mean_female_anymore_but_for/
So for the new year, I had it all planned out. A fool proof plan to not be ForeverAlone!  To get a cat!  I found this cute cat in an animal refuge, which reminded me of my old cat from my childhood back home. This Refuge was 3 hours from my place on public transport and I wanted her so much.  I have a private apartment and all the things inside are my own. It has a wonderful garden view with large windows and ample space for a pet.  I emailed the Refuge to set a date for me to come visit and do the necessary documentation.   Turns out, the Refuge doesn't want to let me adopt this cat! The only one I had love at first sight with. This made me feel so down because deciding to adopt a cat in itself is a crazy deal, and now being with a negative decision, made me feel like I've been dumped by a cat's foster home!   Now I am back to Square One! r/ForeverAlone
[deleted]
I got my bird from a pet store. Turns out, I was doing him a favor.
If cats are allowed in your apartment, you could try adopting somewhere else, it's not Clochette but it's something...
They told me that Clochette cannot be placed in an apartment :(  --  Bonjour,    Clochette ne pourra malheureusement pas être placé en appartement.    Bien cordialement,   Refuge SPA  Agents d'accueil  La Société Protectrice des Animaux
Oh cmon it's a cat not a panther!
If it was the countryside of Russia, I'd have maybe gone for a bear ;)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krdaee/what_do_you_think_is_the_reason_for_your_fa/
I was gonna create a poll instead but the feature is deactivated.   So, Whats the reason?  1. Lack of social life and circle/status  2. Social anxiety and personality traits  3. Looks  4. Mental health  5. Combination of above?   6. Other  And lastly how much have you tried to change the aforementioned? How can we change our current situation?  Discussion is very, very welcomed.
Looks. I'm in my late 30's but I stopped developing at around 18. I look young, but in all the ways women don't find attractive. Short, skinny, no masculine features.   This lead to a lack of social connections and some mild social anxiety, but the root problem is people's perception of me based on my appearance.
Too much of a sperg. I feel like I want to talk to people, but when I do I just feel exhausted almost right away because of all the acting involved which then makes it hard to fake any enthusiasm or interest so I come off as pretty boring. I've borderline given up trying to socialise anymore.
It's probably because I hate myself and am too depressed for anyone to want to be around me. I stopped inviting "friends" over to see if I ever get invited to hang out, and I haven't even had another person to do anything with for months because they never even tried to check on me.  I see myself as such scum that I don't feel comfortable flirting, I feel guilty and filthy. It's like I don't deserve a girlfriend because I feel like I'll only make their life worse, and I'll be exposed for being such a loser.  Have I tried to change it? Yeah in the past, but I've pretty much given up now. I just drink alone and imagine living a different life.
Crippling anxiety and social anxiety.  Being a boring and uninteresting person to a far lesser extent. I'm very generic and bland looking in the looks department, could be worse it but it doesn't make up for much.
All of the above. Lost all the weight went from fat to not. To be honest I don't try anything anymore, i don't really feel like living. I am bitter and jaded. I don't trust that people will like me or accept me. I think they won't care or act antagonistic. I don't think I have any value to offer others, so i have no bargaining chips. I don't think people would like me to be interested in them. I think the reason people tolerate me is because I'm not really offensive, I never get close, i try to avoid interaction. I need to be a different person really.  >How can we change our current situation?  Depends on the situation. I guess be social, keep trying, change your environment. It's not like there's a magic bullet. Learn to make other feel good, be entertaining, interesting something like that. Be able to engage others and keep them interested.
I've been overweight my whole life, but even dating girls who are 100 pounds heavier than me I usually get dropped/ghosted pretty quickly. Haven't ever had a relationship despite being on dating apps for like 12 years now (though I barely touched them for the last year and a half). Lost a bunch of weight at one point but it didn't really improve my prospects. I'm also pretty short and I guess ugly? I've never really been able to measure myself against someone else but always knew weight/height are my main downsides.
1, 2, 4.   I improved my decade long severe social anxiety with a third round of therapy, but my mental health got worse when I finally realised how far back I was socially, although I was capable of going out now, I still couldn't really engage with people meaningfully. So I'd go out and push myself to do the things I wanted to for so long but I would just be this outsider with no one to do them with.   I was less depressed when I was in my bubble playing video games and leaving the house barely once a month, because I wasn't constantly reminded of the companionship everyone else has that I don't, and I began to hate who I had become so deeply because of that.  After that I lost interest in everything because I realised it wasn't the activity I was lacking, it was connection, and who wants to be friends or in a relationship with someone who just sits around waiting to die without ever having fun? No one.
1. No social skill whatsoever.  2. Ugly as fuck.  3. A minority in the country I was born and live in.  4. Anxiety and all that fun stuff.  I am basically the dictionary explanation of a human fuck up.
All boils down to my looks. I honestly dont have many issues with those other things but everything about my looks is what holds me back in life.
All of the above.  I’ve accepted my fate really. I’ve been severely reclusive all my life, and have nothing of value to offer to anyone.   Also, I’m 20 years old but look about as old as my father who’s in his mid 50’s... so. Yeah, it’s hopeless. Even if someone took an interest in me, they’d scurry off after 15 seconds of conversation. I’m a creep with terribly poor social skills.
Boring, can't connect to anyone, don't fit in anywhere socially.
[deleted]
All of the above. I’ve tried to change, but no luck.  How can I change the current situation? Society needs to change, that’s what needs to happen.
2. Social anxiety and personality traits   which in turn caused   1. Lack of social life and circle/status  But all of this was caused by my childhood and unhealthy environment I grew up in.  So a major cause that you should add is "*mental damage from bad childhood experiences/upbringing*".
3 and 4.   Heavily receded hairline at the ripe age of 21 :) Very weak jawline  Horrid mental health. Constantly feeling jealous of people in relationships, bitter about the hand I've been dealt, depressed in general
Ugly, social anxiety disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, depression, being a failure in general.
Mainly 1 and 2. Social anxiety / poor social skills, which lead to a smaller social circle. The others are coming into play more too as time goes on but the core of it is that I never really knew how to relate to other people and even after years of work I have some serious deficiencies in that regard.   In high school I was solidly above average in looks but couldn't hold a conversation if my life depended on it. I had no idea how to show interest in women ("ask her out? Out where?"), even when a couple were in retrospect hitting on me. Only had two close friends and even those relationships weren't as deep as they should have been back then. After years of practicing talking to people on chat sites and trying to strike up conversations with people after class or on the bus I finally got good enough at it to have something of a social circle in the latter part of college. I think I could probably have gotten a GF in college if I had done the introspection and developed the emotional intelligence then that I do now, but...well, I didn't. After graduation my social circle  contracted sharply and now the vast majority of people in it are in relationships. Even if I was a total heartthrob there are so few single women that I interact with regularly that it probably wouldn't even matter now.   I still haven't figured out a good way to practice forming romantic relationships the way I just brute-forced my way into understanding platonic ones. Tinder is an option but now my hairline has started to recede and it's hard for women to look past that when the app is based almost purely on appearance.   Depression has started to creep in over the last couple of years as it's become increasingly impossible to deny that I'm up shit creek without a paddle. This has affected my performance at work and my social status. It's all interconnected.   I feel like I could've made it as a normie if my social development had been even two years faster.   The most important thing I can work on right now is growing my social circle. The more people I know, the stronger my support network and the better chance I have of meeting a woman who sees me as more than just a friend. I'm just at a loss for how to do it after college - the things I do for fun (camping, hiking, gardening) are all pretty poor for meeting new people and my friends from work just hang out with each other or with their high school / college friends. Getting to know friends of friends works but it's hard, slow going and a lot of them live out of state anyway.
Can I just say.. you are definitely NOT ugly.
I agree, you are definitely not ugly lol.
You don't even look remotely ugly man. I'd say you're handsome.
I really feel for you (and everyone else here) but do you wanna give up as young as 20? I just turned 23 but I have feeling that you might regret it 10 years from now if you accept your "fate". How shitty and hopeless it might feel,   You most likely have heard this before but have you tried to improve your looks? We live in a world where every person who have nothing to offer isn't of value. Its a very superficial and shallow world.  Have you tried joining a martial arts club? (kickboxing, bjj etc)   For your social skills, this might be tricky but therapy?  (with a good therapist)  Thanks for sharing!
Elaborate pls  Did they bully you or something?
Thanks.  But something must be wrong cause I get nothing but rejections or just ignored at least locally where I am.
Thanks. Appreciate it.  Women around me locally seem to disagree but it is what it is.
Yeah, there’s a lot of room for improvement in regards to my physique. However, nothing can be done about the condition of my hair or my skin. I suffered from a psychotic/depressive episode of my life where I was getting 2-3 hours of sleep for 6 months and consequently agedddd pretty fucking terribly. I’ve balded with the remains of my hair having shriveled and thinned and my doc said what had been lost isn’t growing back, so... I’ve also lost the youthful glow to my skin, not that it was all that glowy before this episode.   As for my social skills? Yeah, I had told my therapist (although I no longer see them)that I have no social skills and they kinda just said it takes time, so.... I guess the only thing I could do is get out of my comfort zone and socialize more, but how’re you supposed to make up for having missed out on three years of normal socialization in highschool? It’s beyond me... I’m socially retarded.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/krfmkz/everyone_here_looks_at_their_failure_in/
When I was way younger, I had an acquaintance... a weed hookup, let's call it what it was... who was expecting his first child with his wife. One night, he says "you gotta do something with your life, why not have a kid?"   I didn't say it out loud, but my immediate reaction to that question was "... because that's what almost everyone does." It's not much of an accomplishment if almost everyone "achieves" it.   And yet, the very same people who rail against participation trophies are the ones put so much stock in their relationships, families, etc. I guess that realization many years ago helped me deal with my FA status all these years by understanding that what I was missing out on isn't that special or necessary. I've put that effort into other areas of life, and I don't feel empty without those things that everyone else seems to feel empty without.
I think the reason why FA's in particular will struggle with that outlook is they have not experienced a relationship for themselves to even be able to say it isn't special.  Its far easier for someone who has been in relationships in the past to say its not worth it.  They've tried it, they've experienced the rush of love/cuddling/companionship/being wanted/sex and can make an educated conclusion based on their experience.  FA's can't do that.
This is actually interesting, I'm gonna try to start seeing it this way now. I hope it helps me.
I had my very first 3 dates in my life with a gorgeous woman.   It failed when I did not know how to assert myself and move our make out session towards sex.   I failed, she got cold and stopped texting me.   But I never saw it as a failure, I was proud I did that. I got to talk to a attractive woman and get her to come over to my place and kiss a woman for the first time in my life.  I'll try again, I might fail, but I'm not gonna see it as a failure, but only as another learning experience.
Great! You've been more successful than me, you should definitely feel optimistic about it!
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kr63gx/whats_the_point_of_dating_if_you_keep_getting/
So I've tried every route of the dating "game" (funny game it is when it leaves you feeling horrid on failure) I've done online dating, gone out and put myself out there and even dated friends who were up for it, when it worked it didn't see the end of the month, and when it didn't i end up in the position I'm in now all alone and ghosted as if I'm just some peice of human trash to throw away and now i can't help but say I'm done..   every chance i got at sex i flubbed up i couldn't get a hard on or we couldn't find a condom my size so i dunno whether to call myself a virgin or not i mean I've been inside a woman but I've never finished the process hell never even started really.   i hate myself and this game so much at the moment i want to cry but i can't bring myself to I'm 22 and I've tried my hardest but I'm ready to say I'm done with this whole stupid game my mum has grandchildren thanks to my sister so i don't need to worry about having kids with anyone, I'm about as bland as a soggy slice of bread when it comes to talking to people so i know I'm not going to find anyone, so I'm just going to wait till i get home and stay there and not bother with this dumb game that all it does is make me fell giddy and excited before crushing it all and leaving me a shriveled wretch of what i was.
Don't sell yourself short. You're capable of having women alone in a bedroom with you naked. That's a huge accomplishment. You are not the average user and you're attractive enough to find success. There are things you need to improve on for sure, but these are all things that are feasible to achieve. Most of the user's problems in FA are problems that even serious efforts will not change. Not having any woman show interest in you is something you can't do much about, assuming you're not overweight. You can make it dude. You're being really hard on yourself and it's not healthy for  someone like  you. Keep your head up and realize you got this. I'm rooting for you bro. Any problems you have you can message users here. We'll support you through your journey
Thanks for the advice man really perked me up :)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kr4qgp/music_songs_that_help_you/
Hey everyone  UK Redditor here! I just wondered if there was a particular band or genre of music which you turn to which helps you feel a little bit less lonely? Or on your darker days?   I know there are a few select songs for me which help so I'm interested to hear what yours are? All views are welcome but particularly happy to receive comments from the UK!
I tend to listen to depressing sounds until I reach critical mass and can't get any lower, then bounce back a bit naturally. Some current favs from different bands:   Look On Down From The Bridge - Mazzy Star, Empty Crown - YAS, Charlie Darwin - The Low Anthem, Born In The Slumber - Flora Cash, Silhouette - Active Child.
80's japanese City Pop makes me have memories I never experienced before
Kid Cudi - The Void. the end always comforts me
I listen Sabaton a lot to beat any negative emotion. Loneliness isolation and sufferin. I imagine myself as a warrior. I need to deal with lots of suffering all alone. And I am still working for humanity and trying to be best of myself. There is a quote I like "A happy life is impossible, the highest thing that man can aspire to is a heroic life; such as a man lives, who is always fighting against unequal odds for the good of others; and wins in the end without any thanks."  Heres the song https://youtu.be/ZgfCUxFE7XA
Hi, fellow UK redditor here. I listen to a lot of London Grammar. Some of their stuff is depressing as hell but it resonates big time when I'm in a low mood.
Sometimes i like listening to t.A.T.u.  But i still feel like sh*t
Pretty much any of the big 70s prog rock bands. Been particularly into Genesis and Yes recently. The feeling of grandeur their music has reminds me that I’m part of something bigger, in a way.
Angsty music helps me deal with my frustration. Here's a few:   Saves the Day - Rocks Tonic Juice Magic  Chiodos - Baby, you wouldn't last a minute...  The Spill Canvas - Polygraph, Right Now!  Atreyu - The Crimson  Adept - At Least Give Me My Dreams Back  Smile Empty Soul - Don't Ever Leave
When I'm down (which is 24/7) I listen to metal. The more down, the darker the music.   Bathory is quite good. Fast and heavy early black metal.   Ghost is probably the "happiest" kind of music I listen to.  And some DSBM as well to go to sleep to. Thy Light is a good band of that genre, sadly not very many songs.
Whispers in the Dark - Skillet.  Skillet's music as a whole has given me the strength to keep moving forward. Truly an underrated band.
Tides from Nebula - Siberia and Earthshine Witcher 3 OST - Fields of Ard Skellige
The Lord Huron catalouge at least makes my loneliness feel like an adventure.  I'm not the biggest fan of Vide Noir, but their other two albums are lit and contain most of my favorite songs from the group.
Joy Division. Their music actually makes me feel much worse but it’s art.
Paramore. Basically everything by them. Also check out the albums 'Feel Something' and 'No Good Left To Give' by Movements. Every single song. Trust me on this one
Vaporwave and by that I mean artists like windows96 and luxury elite. There's other subgenres as well but that depends on preferences.
The Smiths. They do make me even more depressed but when you need music which taps into your depression and crippling loneliness and makes you feel something, even if it is worse, their music is great at doing that.
Let go - Beau young prince , it's amazing just give it a try
Ffdp - little bit off today
One of many: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rO8KdzWS5Vs&pbjreload=101](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rO8KdzWS5Vs&pbjreload=101)
WAP By Cardi B
Mazzy Star is a great recommendation. Amazing band and great to go through all of their albums when you're depressed.
Skillet is really good
Good music
Love Paramore. Good choice!!
[${URL}] https://i.redd.it/mirxxipt4e961.png

[jumps up and down on wooden floor repeatedly]
I remember that scene. Arthur genuinely sounded so sad. Poor man.
Lenny! 😭
When they always say yee haw but never ask  haw yee
Wasn't he Married before ?
YnneL
I thougth he was being sarcastic
Almost. He was engaged to Mary Linton until they got separated because of Arthur’s life as an outlaw.
His lover and child were murdered
No, he was being truthful. The one person that would have married him (forgot her name, but she shows up in the story a few times) was unable to because her parents disapproved. After that he never had another relationship like he had with her. And if you know the ending you know why.
He had a son thougth
He was the result of a casual fling with a waitress and he 'tried to do right by them' and had no real relationship with her
He got some waitress pregnant when he was 14-15 then tried to be a father, but they both got killed.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqrjhl/i_hate_being_fa_so_much/
So the other day, this random person on Discord messages me through one of the servers I'm in, asking about my profile picture. I answered their question and said "bye man" or something and she corrects me and tells me she's a girl. My FA brain immediately starts panicking and I try to continue the conversation. We hit it off and start talking about common interests. We talked for a couple hours and I was so happy. Mind you, I don't even know if this person is even a real girl, or what she looks like.   The conversation is going so well and we are constantly talking back and forth to each other that I start to feel a connection... Yes, after merely two hours, my brain decided that she was the one. I started picturing this fantasy where she falls in love with me and we start dating online and then maybe she could move in with me or vice versa. I was falling for someone online I haven't even seen. This is what happens when you're an FA in adulthood. Every single interaction with the opposite gender is devoured by the touch starved mind.  We talked some more the next day and I felt like I was in high school again: I couldn't wait for her next message and I was always wondering what she was thinking and what she thought of me.   Ever since she told me she was a girl, I made it clear to myself I just wanted to make a friend, not start a relationship or anything serious. I wanted to prove to myself that I wasn't incapable of having girl friends. Yet, I am still finding myself thinking about being with someone who could be a serial killer for all I know.   I wish I could just end my suffering. It's so fucking painful to live this life without anyone while everyone around you is in love. What is the point of life without love.  Tl;dr Met girl on discord, fall in love after two hours of conversation because I am FA. Don't know her name, don't know what she looks like and don't know if she even is a girl. I hate myself.
I relate to everything you’re saying so much. In a similar situation but I’m too autistic to capitalize on it
Be very wary of discord, 99% of the "women" there have a cock and balls
Dont hate yourself. Love yourself :P  For real though touch starved sucks. It got to the point where i thought the cashier was flirting with me when in reality its just "hey cool shirt dude"  I think its important to distinguish actual human feelings versus lust or more importantly obsession. If you cant stop thinking about this girl, like every 5seconds type of deal, you are probably obssessing over the thought of finally being with someone who truly cares about you.   This is like crack for loners and its hard to break the inner dialogue in your head.  This might sound weird but what helped me was getting rejected by an old old crush. Hard. It kinda puts everything in perspective and hardens you alittle bit so when those feelings start pumping in your heart again with someone new you have a "control group" to draw from so you dont make as many stupid mistakes. I guess it comes down to experience which was always something we all lack by being FA.
Yea that hyper fixation is common in people who garner little attention. It’s a sad fact of our human nature. Better to not get ahead of yourself, try to stop falling so heavily on the fact that she is a girl and just enjoy the time you spend together.
I once talked for 5 hours straight with a girl online, but that was all, she just abandoned me for some reason.
Don't be too hard on yourself.  As I've gotten older, I've realized that SO MANY of the relationships I thought looked to great from the outside were actually garbage.  I'm not saying that to say "it's all fake", but rather that "the grass is always greener".  I now know/knew SOOOOO many unhappy couples that on the surface I thought were the coolest, luckiest people in the world.  So just to clarify: everyone around you is most definitely NOT in love.     At any rate, a tip from a stranger: no matter your age, set-up a lifestyle that is conducive to meeting people (of \*both\* genders) IRL.  In conjunction with this, be your true self around said people.  Make sure to do at least those two things (mingle with others and be yourself) and you'll find love/camaraderie.  My only concern in the modern world (and I mention this due to your mentioning Discord) is that too many people are convinced (either by society or themselves) that it's "normal" to not have interpersonal physical connections with people., i.e., that messages, our voice alone, or skyping/zoom can compensate for real human interaction.  They can't, and never will, no matter how much an unhealthy society wants them to (or profits from it).
I think that's pretty normal for non FAs too. I mean, "love at first sight" is basically two people who don't know anything about each other, feeling a connection. When it's mutual it works out. When it's not, you get Ted from How I Met Your Mother.  I think it's very normal for some people to start by feeling a connection and having interest. Then you get to know the other person, and start finding flaws. And either you eventually find a deal breaker, she finds a deal breaker, or you end up dating. Finding deal breakers is part of the getting to know you phase.
I feel you I truly do but screw online bs that shit is a fantasy. You have no idea who or what you're talking to in the first place & it's possible you'll never meet up with this person & could just be being used for validation points by that individual. You'll try to push on but you are just beating your own ass at that point....take it from someone that is a living, breathing hollow.
hey bro, i just wanted to chime in with any advice i can give.  i feel like any sensible person who meets a person of the opposite gender (single of course) has the thoughts of romance tied into it. personally, I believe it as a healthy response at a biological perspective. don’t feel bad about feeling that way because i felt the same for a long time.  focus on yourself and bettering yourself before seeking for love as that will increase your confidence. improve yourself in any form you’d like; some find gratitude in physical appearance so they hit the gym. others find the improvement of their skill to be equally of not more important so you can focus on that if you wanted. no matter what, the important thing is to keep yourself busy with something that takes effort so you can say youve achieved in something to be proud of. i promise you the girl of your dreams will come and find you rather than you seeking for love.
Yeah I'm definitely keeping my guard up until there's some good evidence they're actually a girl. I am fully aware that they could be catfishing me and I am willing to be catfished just cause I am so desperate to feel anything.
This, this comment is gold.
Thanks for putting it into perspective. I'll try and do this moving forward. I'd love to have a girl that's just a friend.
Yeah I've had a similar thing happen. Someone reached out to me here and we talked for a good couple hours about FA problems and then never talked to her after that.
It is far from normal to imagine a life with someone after two hours. Love at first sight is not very realistic, either. You can only know so much about someone within that space of time and its not nearly enough to make a decision that will impact you for the rest of your life.
Yeah I know all the dangers and strings attached with an online relationship which is why I'm a little reserved when talking to this person. I'm honestly still 50/50 on whether or not she's a girl. I have just been having a blast talking to her or him or whatever to even really care.  Even if somehow she is a girl and does want to start a relationship, I think I may just decline. I know they won't like what I look like and who I actually am.
You can take it or leave it, but you can use this opportunity to try to talk to her even if she is a guy as long as she’s a girl in our mind just talk to her maybe use it to build up a conversation or get used to talking to girls. I know it sounds easier said than done but I don’t know if it will help or not.
Having a fantasy is not the same as committing to that decision.   For example, you can go to an open house showing and go, "Ooh, what a nice house. I could plant roses there and bake a cake here. And this is perfect for growing old, since there's a first floor master suite." But it doesn't mean you're committed to buying the house or that you'll even make an offer. You would still get an inspection before buying it. You may end finding an even better house, even though this one would work fine. And so forth.  There's nothing wrong with having a fantasy, as long as you don't get stuck in there and ignore what reality is telling you.
Thats merely because he hasn't had the actual opportunity to put that fantasy in motion.   The house example isn't very similar to this. For one, where does OP say that he's willing to step back and do an inspection? He's very clearly set on the fantasy
I'm saying having the fantasy is normal. How you integrate what you learn about reality into that fantasy is what determines whether you're dealing with it healthily or not.  The house example is in fact very apt. There are people who get excited and waive the inspection contingency, usually to their regret. (Marrying syndrome who's a terrible match, because they rushed into it.) There are people who are familiar enough with houses and their own abilities to so their own inspection without getting an official inspection. (Marrying someone right away and they're a good match.) But most people get an inspection before committing. (Dating before committing.)  And when buying a house, if you're not excited about it before you buy it, then you're not excited to buy it. The same is true for dating. If you're not excited about the idea of dating someone, you shouldn't bother dating them. So that implies that everyone you date, you should've at least had some fantasies about.
The thing is, theres different levels of fantasies. Nothing wrong with being excited to go on a date and get to know that person. But picturing your whole life before you even met them? That goes beyond healthy levels. That goes beyond a fantasy and is an obsession at that point.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqvzi8/would_you_like_to_be_that_guy/
Hi everyone, I hope you are having a good start of the year.  I bet you already thought at least one time on how it would look to be one of these popular guys always around a lot of good people and beautiful girls, always doing nice experiences and new activities. Am I right?  We live in the internet era, where anyone can show up his life, and we constantly see those instagram people with a really cool life.  Now is 2021 and soon or later we will be able to get back to normality and we all have a second chance to be who we really want to be and change what we don’t like about our social life.  &#x200B;  ***I would love to hear from you guys..***  *How does that make you feel?*  *Would you like to have that kind of life?*  *What do you think is missing to reach the life you really want?*
Nope, I feel like people are showing their manufactured best selves on those sites and it's not realistic to me. Just my opinion though.
I have no idea how I'd achieve that. I've tried and failed to make friends so many times and failed to the point of being burned out
People who make everyone around them happy and be high up in social status like that don't get to be their true selves typically. Although honestly, I don't subscribe to the values of social status like that, I just live my life the way I want to. I don't hold any value over being "above" or "below" I had an acquaintance I worked with a while back and he 3 somes all the time and partied hard and he was a gorgeous person honestly. The caviat was that he was miserable. He felt like he wasn't in control of himself and felt like he needed to maintain his place in the world. He told me that he feels like he will never be able to fall in love because the people who come to him just want to have a good time and don't see him as something permanent. He's had 100's of sexual partners. I've personally had 40-50 sexual partners but almost none if them meant anything and honestly I wouldn't mind if they hadn't happened. One night stands aren't that cool honestly but falling in love and consistency is cool.  Sorry I'm kinda high idk if that made sense
If you're seriously hoping to turn things around, now is the time to try to start building relationships. ~~If~~ Once the pandemic gets under control, people are going to start socializing again and the only new people they're going to to be socializing with are people they connect with over time.
I'm never going to be "that guy".  No, I think of those guys as preppy assholes.  Everything.  I was broken from the beginning.  Some things are unfixable.
I see yes, it can really hurt to be rejected.. May I ask why do you think this happens?  What have you tried?
I agree to the point that you should start building connections right now, but then, if you know how to do it, it will be much easier to build friendships even when everything  is under control, don't you think so?
I don't really know, possibly body language but not completely sure, people just don't seem to like me for some reason, even when a group seems very inclusive of a diverse bunch of people I never fit in myself.  I couldn't bear to list everything, but a few were improv, acting classes, public speaking, asking people for feedback, finding a mentor, meeting other people with aspergers, dancing classes, pilates to improve my posture and counselling
Not necessarily. Most people are interacting virtually right now. I think to the extent that people are upset and uncertain about life, they might not want to be social, but those people won't be interacting much if at all. The people who are still active may be more likely to be open and sociable in an online media.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kr3pdw/what_is_your_definition_of_forever_alone/

Never have been in a true relationship and never having the chance to be in one.
A virgin who has never been in a relationship and is 20+ years old. Escorts don’t count, and you’re either kissless or have had a sparse amount of kisses.
Never kissed, had sex, or been in a relationship.  I don't think I have seen anyone in here who is FA and had a relationship in the past.
Virgin, never been in a romantic relationship, older than 18.
forever = not a temporary adjective but a long term self described years long lifestyle  alone = self described not with anyone.  Rule #2 means we can't gatekeep away 14 year old normies complaining their GF has been on vacation with her family for three days and it feels like forever being stuck at home with only his two FWBs around.  But they hopefully won't fit in.  There are no "safe spaces" for FA by the very site rules, unfortunately.
the absence of hope.
Never been in a relationship
Someone who will be alone forever. And by alone, I mean emotional isolation, not being physically separate from other people.
Not being able to connect with people
You die without ever being in a relationship. I'd say without ever being on a date, but there's always people who are willing to go on a date for a free meal or otherwise hoping to manipulate someone with low self esteem.
[deleted]
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kr60kn/what_are_your_thoughts_on_blind_dates/

All I can think of when I imagine myself going on a blind date is the girl's smile dropping like a brick the moment she sees me
I wouldn't do that. I'd get so in my head about whether she'd be dissapointed or not that I probably wouldn't turn up.
(I can only speak for myself) would be my only chance to get a date, but ultimately to no avail. I'd feel so sorry for that poor woman, she'd probably leave halfway through.
Yea, I might have a chance if she were blind.
I wouldn’t do it. It’d feel like I’d be tricking a person who normally would never in a million years agree to go on a date with me into going out with me.  I actually feel like it’s somewhat unethical for extremely ugly and uninteresting people like me to go on blind dates, because you pretty much know you’re wasting somebody’s time. I would only go on a date with someone if they actually know what I am like and would somehow want to go out with (which will obviously never happen).
I would never want to disappoint someone so horribly. I can't imagine the other perspective, seeing me roll up. I'd never do that to anyone.
Does not matter since the result is always the same.
At this point, I’ll be open to anything.
Worked for me; I met my wife on a blind date, and given my inability to approach women it probably wouldn't have happened any other way.  That was over 30 years ago, though, so I don't know if blind dates are as much of a thing for the Tinder generation.
What if she's blind as well?
She’ll smell your fear.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqlp80/34_m_tired_of_feeling_less_important/
At 34 i would have never though that I would have never imagine my life would end up the way it was. It all started 4 years ago. I was a hard working induvial. All on time never took a day off for the hell of it. I was always there for my friends when needed and had everything a 30 year old needed. Except a love in my life. It didn't matter to me I kept pushing and kept my focus. Than one day at work that all changed. I've been dealing with a headache most of the day and it wouldn't go away. I went into my workplace "dark room" as we called it to see if that helped. After spending about 15 mins i knew something further was wrong. So i made the decision to go to the hospital. On my way  to the hospital hands and fingers went numb then my feet and toes. Lucky for me i was pulling into the hospital. All i could do was to lay on my steering wheel . They rushed me back and started running test. They couldn't find anything and then they did. MRI shown I have Charir Malformation. Its a disorder that happens when your brain starts blocking where the spinal cord fluid is suppose to exit, After 6 Surgeries in 5 months a total of 9 months bedrest weather it was in the hospital or at home. I barely walked that year. but i got through it. My doctors said it would take a year to fully get back on my feet. I had the at home PT push me. The doctors warned me to not push but i did anyways. At the age of 30 now getting ready to turn 31 i just had to get back, So i pushed and pushed By  the beginning of January I was finally able to go back. I dealt with headaches from pressure changes sometimes it was ok to handle other times i could barely get on my feet. I dealt with that for the last 4 years now at 34 about to turn 35 I am facing a new life.  Like majority of the people across the world last year was the toughest for us all. For me it was just like everyone else. I was waking up for work one day and starting getting dressed all of a sudden it hit me like slamming into a brick wall. I got dizzy the pain in my head neck and shoulders were so over powering. I got a ride to the hospital and once again they ran all the proper tests and even the tests for my disorder. They couldn't find anything. A neurosurgeon came in and and said that the pain and everything could just be a sign of me pushing myself and now its time... I am now on disability I cant work, barely walk, I'm in so much pain everyday. Lucky for me i am going to see a new doctor. I am  hoping to get  answers. Its been tough i have lost all contact with my friends. My mom is now forced to care for me. I'm hoping that this doctor is the beginning for me to get back to at least get back on my feet some way or somehow. I now also feel that what if that doesn't happen. Trying to figure out if this is my future how will i live.   If you read this whole thing thank you for listening. I felt it was time to finally get it off my chest someway or somehow. Sometimes its better to write about it than it is to talk about it. So again thank you all for your time.
I'm so sorry all of this has happened to you! You're incredibly strong for pushing through all of this and I hope that you are able to get answers from this new doctor. I am sending my best wishes your way :)
Kudos to you for everything you have done to work through one hell of a stituation.  Given what you are up against, it really is impressive . . . . not that that makes you feel any better.  I'm sure this must be agonizing emotionally as well as physically.  So often I want to think that Western Medicine will just fix problems in young and other wise healthy people but often the knowledge base needed is still being developed.  I hope you have been able to circle every wagon you can . . . . the situation with your friends must sting.  Most of them probably have zero idea of how to react in such a crisis.
Sorry for all this shittiness man. I think I've got problems until you hear of something like this, when its just clear that you've just been dealt a horrendous set of cards.   Maybe you should try reaching out to your old friends. I dunno dude, chin up. Find some new hobbies and things to love.   I'm here to talk if you're looking for a friend! I'm a great conversationalist, I've got heaps of free time and I'll try to make you laugh :D
Jesus Christ, that's fucked.
My health has been going downhill too. I know the feelings and concerns. Will a service dog be of help to you? Provide you with a service and being companionship?
Thank you!!!
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqzpk8/anyone_here_with_attachment_anxiety/
I read a book about attachment style and I believe that a major reason for my FA-ness is the fact that I am scared of becoming too dependent on another person. I was wondering if anyone here can relate and would like to discuss it. Thanks :).  PS  Yes, of course the fact that I am a generic looking dude doesn't help at all. No girl is going to jump through hoops to 'break the impenetrable barrier' like she would with an 'aloof *chad' ;).*
Hmm, idk I think I may fit into that to a degree. I seem to fear intimacy based on poor treatment in my early childhood from my mother. I guess that's not really the same thing though.
I fear intimacy too, I know for average person intimacy in romantic relationships feel good but for me its so uncomfortable/awkward so I feel like it has more negatives than positives.
It might not be exactly the same but it's close enough. I feel very much 'alone' in this sub (kinda ironic given the name) because it seems to be flooded with people who also have attachment issues but in the polar opposite direction: Namely they are obsessed with being together with someone and suffer from extreme frustration when they can't. Don't get me wrong, I sympathize and understand that it's a huge ordeal but I still can't shake the feeling that nobody here 'gets me' :/.
Why does it feel awkward in your case? Are you afraid you would not be 'good enough'? Or does it feel like 'too much work''? Does the factor sexual satisfaction come into play? I think that, for the average 'teenage normie', 'getting laid' is *the* primary motivator of starting some kind of romantic relationship and all the rest comes a bit later - although of course there are exceptions, some people are more 'romantic' than others etc.
I wouldn't know what to do and human emotions make me uncomfortable. The stronger the emotion, more uncomfortable I feel. Doesn't matter if positive or negative emotion, I know it sounds crazy.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqslcn/anyone_not_an_outcast_at_schoolcollege_but_still/

Wasn't a loner but never formed deep connections.
most fas had some social circle during growing up
Yeah. 2020 was gonna be my year...
Yup, me, but my main reason for becoming FA was my f'ed up perception of romantic relationships - which I only understood when it was too late. Essentially I thought that romantic relationships are mostly a burden that bogs you down, and you should only make the exception if you can be together with someone truly 'exceptional' in looks, intelligence, character etc. Well, guess what, being the generic useless schlob that I am, there was never a chance in a trillion that I would attract these 'truly exceptional' women. So yeah, lots of delusion and stupidity here.
I was the "king"(you know the funny little kid who got the girls) in kindergarten and 1-3 grade. I guess that wouldn't count though
I had a decent experience in uni. Had a dozen "friends" or so and got laid maybe twenty times. I do have about 4 friends who live in different parts of the country who I will see in special ocassions. But never made lasting connections and haven't had any luck with women since. Getting laid in uni was piss easy compared to what it's like in real life
but friends abandoned them
I can relate so much, I would feel embarrassed if my gf wasn't perfect in every way (attractive, smart, sweet). I had, lets say about 20 girls who were flirting/interested in me and I unconciously turn them down or would be too embarrassed to be seen together with them because they are not perfect in every day. I can't even flirt, ask girl out I have some mental block. Girl either is out of my league or I am embarrassed to be with them.
check your DMs
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqsqh8/lonely_like_a_robot/
I asked my Google home if it has a boyfriend and it said "I feel whole myself and I never have to share desert". This sounds like something I say to myself to feel better about my loneliness. Maybe being a robot human isn't a bad thing?
beep fuckin boop
one plus, not having to share food.
Lol google and Alexa always be like that. But that is a funny response. I’m sure if I had vast knowledge and people depending on me for answers all day I’d prefer to be alone as well.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kr0t27/relationships/
Hey, I just wanted to vent about something I have friends, really good friends but I'm so lonely because like 90% of them are in relationships, and they are happy and I like it when they are happy, then there's me, been suffering from depression since I was like 14-15 years old, and anxiety and really bad self-esteem since I was 17 (I'm 18 turning 19 now), I had a relationship with a girl like one and a half year ago and I loved her but she cheated on me when she was over at my place with a “friend” of hers, and my friends are all saying like “she’s coming, just wait” but i really think my ex-girlfriend was “the one” or whatever you wanna call it, anyway, when I'm looking at their Snapchat stories and seeing them with their girlfriend/boyfriends I realize I'm really really lonely and that gets me more depressed, anyone that has gone through this type of situation who can give tips?
[deleted]
Well, the thing is she wanted me before she cheated on me, we loved each other, and she said it a lot to me, I felt her love when she kissed me, cuddled with me or touched me, and she showed our love in front of people and in public
You're not FA. You're a young guy who's not exceptionally popular that's been in a relationship at least once before. Do it again.
True, i understand that you look at it in that way, but I still think she's the one
Do it again? Yeah that's what I want and I have asked out other girls but everyone said no, and that gives me terrible self-esteem
Keep asking. Seriously. I'm more than 20 years older than you and I have legitimately never had a woman demonstrate any kind of attraction towards me. Not even a genuine inviting smile.   You've enjoyed successes which I have not despite having more than spent twice as much time on this Earth than you. Quit complaining because things haven't been as easy as they were the first time around.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqola7/is_it_bad_that_i_daydream_about_having_a_gf/
I think that i could be happier (or less sad) if i just stop thinking about having partner.
Everybody copes somehow
Nah, we all do it
Everyone has fantasies. It's part of being human. Sad reality though that our fantasies are completely mundane things that most people get with ease.
No, I do that sometimes as well. But it's not the way we should go with.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqkbqy/i_just_want_friends/
I just want some friends god dammit to hang out with to go to a bar with when it’s safe to do so of course to bbq with and laugh with it’s hard for a man to make adult friends but I never thought it would be this hard
same here but i'm just too boring for others
Yea same, and it really makes me regret not trying harder to stay in touch with my old friends
Hi man I guess im in same situation too. I have no friends - male or female. Yes it can be tough on those depressing days. But need to push through. If u want you can DM me..
[deleted]
I willing to be a friend, I don't know where you live but we can play some destiny 2 or something?
What sucks most for me is I’m surrounded by groups of people who are all friends and all do things together it hurts to watch them having so much fun
Yeah I feel you guess it’s just meant to be
Have you asked to hang out with one of those friend groups? Someone's gotta take the plunge and it's probably not gonna be them. Also no reason why you can't message some old classmates or whatever on FB. Even normies are lonely these days so you might be surprised by who bites.
Good idea I should chase up some old friends
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqnx62/honest_question/
Do any other guys (or girls I suppose) find it extremely easy to interest/seduce someone over text, if you meet them through text/apps first. And yet, are never able to transfer this to ‘real life’?   In real life you’re instead hit with a wall of issues and baggage that prevent you from acting? Can’t be that all FA’s can’t text up some game..
Nope, I’m just as bad at talking to people over text as I am in real life. The only reason I’m fine with talking to people on Reddit is because it’s anonymous.
I’m so much cooler online ... :). I can talk to anybody about anything on chat, but clam up in person because I’m super shy.
I'm the opposite lol, absolute trash at texting and getting people's initial interest but I can become friends with anyone if they give me a chance.
Sure, I can talk with women and generate interest before they get a look at my physical appearance.   Can I ask why you're asking?
It's a bit easier to conversate through text simply because I'm not tripping over words and being too timid to say more than a few words at a time  Nothing changes in terms of being unable to hold a conversation though
I don't have as much anxiety online/through texts.
I am okay sometimes platonically with women  in text but I really just can't be good at flirting or whatever over text. Because in order to be I would have to act like someone I'm not even if could figure out how to flirt in text. I also do not want to give too false positive impression of myself. (the funny thing is that people often think i'm being overly negative yet i'm still not mentioning all the ways i'm crap.)
The way I write is polarizing (very articulate but verbose) but definitely seems to appeal to at least some women. Teenage me had online crushes, a relationships of sorts for years, and even these days I get the occasional encouraging message in my DMs on Reddit here.  IRL I've never had the slightest inkling of interest from a woman because I'm shy and very short. 🤷
Bad at texting and bad at talking. I don't don't know how to flirt.All my conversations feel robotic and sterile.
>In real life you’re instead hit with a wall of issues and baggage that prevent you from acting?  Online is no different. I can't escape from myself.
Online is literally no better than IRL. Well, slightly better, because it can't be worse than nothing.
Well, as for me text and real life don’t differ much.  I am pretty much average when it comes to looks and socially i can get most ppl to be at least neutral towards me with tendencies towards positive.  Jet despite social aktivity, taking care of myself, acceptable character by statistical means i still end up fa.  The reason being i am mich to „independent“ for most!? The reasoning being either what i need them for, they are intimidated by that or they think i am nice out of Tradition.  Only explanation i have is they play a constantly repeating game to get me off them by being positive. Other explanation are somewhat shallow at that point.
Nope, failure either way.
Well... have you really tried? An average girl’s standards for engaging text is not really that high. I credit the submissions on r/tinder or any dating app for this.
Wondering how many here have this specific disposition. Looks like not many.
What do you view as engaging texting?
How would I know that I’m bad at it if I haven’t tried?
I'm kind of surprised by that as well. I guess my problem is more unique than I thought.
Basically: Picking up most of the weight of the conversation, especially in the start.   Having a stable back and forth about a topic and searching for branches within the content to transfer to another. Most messages you send should have a comment *and* a question.   Keeping it about her and sprinkling in compliments, sometimes talking about yourself.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqq2ca/next_time_you_see_someone_look_at_a_hot_guy_girl/
The failures are us ugly people, by the way.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder my friend. Look some people don't have to try and just look good. Life isnt fair. Its just how it is. Doesnt mean you should give up any attempts to work on yourself though, thats just selfish :)
I’m trying
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqhzum/people_say_getting_in_a_relationship_wont_solve/
But I really think it would.  I don’t have a relationship, but I’ve been getting to talk to a girl over discord and play games with her for the past week or so. She lives on the other side of the world. Because I’m so sad all the time I struggle with finding motivation for things as simple as brushing my teeth every day. Before I realized she likes my friend more, brushing my teeth was effortless. I took better care of myself, I wasn’t as stressed(my eye stopped twitching), and I felt kinda happy and alive for the first time in a while.  I realized she likes my friend more and I’m back where I was before. Probably worse off. Now I have an empty feeling worse than I had before I met her. I brushed my teeth today but it was a struggle. I’m so fucking pathetic. I could be happy but I don’t deserve a life of happiness. I only deserve to suffer in loneliness my whole life and die alone.
apologies in advance, this is gonna be depressing.  many problems can absolutely be solved by being in a relationship. there's a bunch of economic, social and emotional privilege that comes with having a partner, for sure.   but it won't fix everything. you've been speaking to this girl for a week - while new relationship energy is absolutely a thing, if that initial bouyancy lasted then new relationship energy would just be called 'relationship energy'. you haven't been talking to her long enough for the law of diminishing returns to kick in. (in case you're not familiar with it, the law of diminishing returns says that if you increase one input and keep all the other inputs the same, you'll hit a point where the impact of that increased input is marginal.)   a relationship is just one input out of many, and the difference you saw this week wouldn't scale even if she liked you back. i'm sorry, i did say it was going to be depressing!
Relationships don't work as black and white as that. Companionship along with mutual friendship, kindness, and love allow us to feel like we are not alone. I'm glad you brushed your teeth today, the worst thing that can happen is people avoiding you for your hygiene. Continue to practice your self care, as time goes by feelings of depression will still come and go, but if you have yourself together, you will find and take new paths to take control of your life and even find a good muse, or good internal source to find piece and momentary happiness. We just cant flip a switch and change in one night.
This question deserves a good deconstruction before things go off the rails.   First, why do people say that relationships won't solve any problems? I believe the better notion is that it won't solve many of the original problems you were dealing with. For example, a low self esteem, lack of motivation and so on. A partner hasn't solved these. You just transferred the issue to them. Now they get to carry that weight and do you think thats an easy responsibility? Knowing that besides your own problems, you now have another human being that relies on you to function in terms of self confidence, personal hygiene and motivation. Its a huge task and its not a fair proposition. The idea of a relationship is something that both parties work and help each other, not something that is entirely one sided. That leads to animosity, stress and many other issues that will weigh the relationship down.   Brushing your teeth is for your benefit. At the end of the day, you have to find the motivation to do it for yourself. That shouldn't be on a partner to get you to do. When it comes down to the base levels of happiness such as passion and goals, you have to develop that regardless of whether you have a relationship or not. Because those passions and goals will remain with you regardless if the relationship happens or fizzles out.   Are there many things that relationships do help with? Absolutely. Partners are great for support and thats fine.
Relationships solve the problem of loneliness, and loneliness can cause depression, anxiety, social isolation, sleep deprivation, and a shit ton of other mental and physical health issues. So yeah, relationships actually solve a lot of problems.
Heck, just allowing myself for my optimism that these few dates with this girl would go the distance, and have a relationship with her made me super happy and motivated for a short while it lasted.   It was amazing, like a puzzle piece missing and now was put in place.   I've lived most of my life alone and without friends.   I know myself and know to live with myself.   Screw the normie advice that give those blanked statements about relationships.  I've made a comment about that before.   Most blanked statements FA people hear are damaging for them to listen and take in.
Tbf i think it would solve the lonelyness for me, which is one of the bigger sources of my depression....
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqhdte/frustrating_narratives/
There's something that's always on my mind.  If I wanted to have meaningless sex, I could just get all ready to go out and look nice and I'd be about average looking.  Like a 5/6 MAYBE pushing 7 on some days.  But the truth is, that's not enough to actually have a meaningful relationship with anyone anymore.    And you know what, that's not very crazy.  There are plenty of things that people can or can't do based on just their looks.  Unattractive people can't model, are less likely to get jobs that involve hosting/waitering type thing, not really wanted in the film industry yada yada yada.  And that's fine!  That's just how life is, you can't be a surgeon without steady hands.  &#x200B;  But I HATE the narrative that's pushed in media, music, tv, movies that anyone can just get the girl.  Meaningful relationships are for pretty people, they're not for anyone else.  So the fact that this message is pushed to EVERYONE is what is so discouraging.
[deleted]
Unattractive people can model, the model is just captured. Models tend to be tall and slender but its the 21st century and as an artist, model, or creative mind you have the blessing of the internet to give content or merchandise to people. There is a chance I may be too optimistic and focused on the idea that its not impossible for a model to be short, and mildly or under-whelmingly attractive. I see ads with old people, dark people, people with skin conditions, even out of focus shots of plus sized models (calvin kline??\*\*).  You dont need to be anything to be successful, but effort, perfection from the eyes of someone else is unobtainable and will lead you down paths that only hide insecurities.
You could be wrong on the 5/6 maybe 7. That’s how I thought I was until I heard what girls rate me, which when dating is all that really matters. They said I’m a 2 or 3.
If you look up virgin rates in developed countries you will notice some interesting metrics. For instance more than a quarter of Japanese men under FORTY years old are virgins.   This might be the new average in a decade or two, even in America. Social media is a huge culprit in our loneliness imo but I'm sure there's alot more too it
i mean i could just dm you a pic of me
Lol I’d rate myself a 2 max. however, If anyone were to rate me I’d sure they’d say I’m a -10; no exaggeration.
[deleted]
Ooh, could I partake?  I’m sure you’re not nearly as bad as you think you are.
> People are having less casual sex.  Really? It seems like people are always talking/complaining about hookup culture
[removed]
[deleted]
That statistic from Japan seems very odd/striking to me. Pretty much everyone I work with is in a relationship and I'm a programmer. I don't go around asking people if they've had sex but I'd be very surprised if there are any virgins
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kq6irs/its_not_being_alone_that_is_the_problem_its_the/
You eventually quit a game when it's not fun anymore. You find a new job because you'll get paid more and grow more. But in this, knowing my circumstances, dealing with both depression & anxiety that sucked out my assertiveness, self-esteem and creativity, I'm not capable. There's no time to help here, since the problem now is in me.
I feel the same way. There’s nothing I can do to cope with the future. Can I deal with the loneliness when it hits me by trying to distract myself, or by hugging a pillow, or by venting on Reddit? Sure I can. But there’s nothing I can do about the fact that it will always be like this for me. I can’t do anything now to prevent the loneliness I’ll feel every day of the future.
I can relate, accept for me its the realization that the game was lost before I even started.  The realization that I wasted years of my life trying to get a degree and planning for a life that was never even possible for me, that's what pains me the most.
Same here.   Feeling hopeless for the future.   I function all well and good being alone.   But seeing how hard I have it to meet someone.   Dating apps are just a depression trap, no matches there.   I don't have friends nor do I have the idea how to make them this late in life.
Of course it is, but why do you think that stating the obvious would help you?
I know how you feel because I've been there myself and the only thing I can recommend to you  is to keep pushing and then something might happen
Yeah, I could have slacked off and acted like a dipshit in school everyday. At least I'd have "The boys" to go smoke pot with. Probably would have had better luck with women too. And seeing as I can't even get a minimum wage job...
Yes, the problem is that I'm nowhere near capable like I used to be and no ideal gfs or circumstances would work and that is kind of defeating. It all starts from me. It would seem like I reject a good life.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpxktf/i_did_it/
Friends and fellow prisoners of loneliness I write to you tonight to tell you that I did it, I finally achieved what many of us here have always dreamed of. I am now the proud half of a pairing with a girl, one who I love and adore. Take my advice put yourselves out there, try anything I got lucky with tinder and I am 34, if it could work for me it could work for you guys to. I came to this place a boy struggling alone in the darkness and I leave it a man happier now than at any point in my life, good luck my friends I will be praying for you all.
Great work! Though a lot of us are pretty sick of hearing advice, I'm glad it worked out for you.
Congratulations.. I'm happy for you.. wish you all the best!
No  offense, but "proud half of a pairing with a girl" literally sounds like an alien describing its conception of how human relationships work
Congratulations on your success! Dating apps across the board have brought nothing but crickets or predatory men for yeeeeaaarrs now. I'm done. Just as many people are exploring them for the first time due to the pandemic, ironically. But I just need to be done. Done looking. Done trying. Done searching. Done swiping. Done. Wishing you all the happiness in the world though.
Congrats to you and I wish you nothing with the best.   What advice could you give to the guys that have constantly put themselves out there and been rejected or never even got close with a woman?   Not to mention the amount of hatred towards tinder is wild. I believe the common complaint is that they have no way to stand out and women have too many options. Did you stand out or do you believe you just got lucky?
Congrats. Hope you never return here 🤝
Congrats on finally achieving that first step but don't rely upon that luck and stop putting forth effort now. I've experienced what it's like to be burned firsthand and it's what put me in the darkest place of my life that kind of sporadically continues to this day.   Unlike many on here, I actually did experience that first love and lost my virginity on pure luck and coincidence after a chance encounter with a girl I liked who became my first and only girlfriend two years ago before I joined this subreddit. I focused mostly on school for a whole year and planned to move forward to reinvent myself and try again but then the pandemic happened and completely carpet bombed my plans and given Tinder and other dating apps is an absolute no go for me, I'm very much frozen in limbo until things return to being relatively normal and even then idk, it's never a guarantee.   Also, this might get me downvoted but I'd head over to r/dating and r/dating_advice if you wanna share your success or seek out advice. Ik I might sound harsh, but it really does make me glad to read actual success stories on this subreddit even if it might rub others the wrong way
Put myself out where, lol.
Woooo congrats!
Dude congrats! This calls for a celebration! 🎉
this is awesome! congratulations! i hope everyone on here finds someone in their life too!
Congratulations on your success.
I'm not even hating I wish you the best g. Good sh#t.
Fuck you man, don't come back here! Seriously though, gratz and good luck out there lol.
Congrats dude! Glad to see you're finally happy and no longer one of us
Congrats! Hope you never end up back here. :)
Congrats!   But do yourself a favor and don’t tell this girl you love her right now. That’s..a bit much
I am happy for you. This is exactly what I needed to hear today. I like a girl but I am too afraid to say anything. Reading  this post has given me a confidence boost. Thanks 😊
[deleted]
Pogchamps for you my man.
Take my upvote and get the fuck out.
Congrats bro. Now go and never look back to this sub.
Then you wake up
Good job dude
Don't let your guard down
Iam happy for you mister
"pUt UrSelf ouT tHeRe!!"
Good for you, you’re super lucky.  I wish I had that kind of luck, but I got too many red flags.
I thought this was for people who can't find someone, like me. Well no reason for you to be here anymore. I'll be here till the end of time.
I don't usually give advice but i feel if i could do it, a man who had never so much as kissed a girl before this year then so could anyone else, i realize now that I didn't really try when i was younger i was too afraid of rejection, so many wasted years being afraid but maybe it wasn't my time, i feel like i found someone i could grow old with, thanks for reading my post and good luck
thanks dude, i will be praying for everyone here, i know what the depths of loneliness can do to a man, I hope everyone here will someday know the happiness I feel right now
That’s basically how half of us feel..
Chad Wojack: YES
Haha.  Kodos from the Simpsons - “end communication”.
He is being humorous dickhead.
Big Yikes Energy
It's proven that dating apps cause depression.   I had one great match, but she rejected me because of my inexperience.   Now I'm swiping each day for a 5-10 new profiles that appear in my area but I did not get like in like 2 months.
I tried dating apps for years. I used to follow r/ tinder etc for the tips like bio. Got decent number of matches but in person it was hard until last year, I met someone. I'm 27 btw so don't lose hope also don't spend too much time on tinder
He got lucky
Right
While the advice is kinda....eh, the last thing I'd ever wish upon anyone else is a life of loneliness and being single forever when it's not of their own free-will.
23 M here.. I've tried dating apps for months.. I've tried different pictures...I usually hide the fact that I'm studying somethinf which is considered high status but I put it aside and tried playing that card too.. Tried different hairstyles..  beard lengths...Nothing worked for me.. Lockdown hasn't helped in that it's impossible to meet women in real life. I just want you to know how really lucky you are to break out of this cycle. .. And I'm a KHHV. Not even held hands with a girl yet. It actually kills you and your self-esteem.
I get that, I just think that was kind of a weird way of putting it.
So we must move not backwards, not forwards, but twirling, twirling, TWIRLING towards a relationship!
I agree with that, a healthy balance between tinder and in person interactions are best. Glad the tinder subreddit helped in your case
There's definitely a good slice of luck involved finding success on Tinder. But I can't believe it's pure luck alone and OP's post history suggests he's dragged himself through the mud to get to this point. Congrats OP.
I feel ya. I met someone at age of 27! So hang in there buddy
Haha I know its a weird way of putting it, but from my experience with women, I have none. I got guy friends and talk about all sorts of topics science, investing, music, mind altering substances. I just wouldn’t know what to talk about if I ever got a date with my 0.0000001% chance. Just “uhh so makeup, that’s cool”.
> suggests he's dragged himself through the mud to get to this point  Unfair that the world runs mostly on luck.  On the bright side, you can manufacture as much luck as you can stomach doing.  Can still lose, of course, just to better odds.  I think few FA are good poker players.  Or blackjack card counters.
I didn’t mean to downplay his efforts if thats how it sounded
You'd be surprised, I'm willing to bet there are plenty of women who'd be interested in discussing music and acid trips with you.
I wish, sadly my face and skin color doesn’t help :/ nonetheless I still see some in r/acid r/lsd however I don’t know if people in my region are ok with psychedelics due to the false stigma against it
Don't know why you're being downvoted. The majority here is like +60% white and they all pair up with each other.
They’re probably racist because I’m Mexican, damn trump supporters down voting :(
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kq4hv7/feel_like_a_lesser_being/
Anyone else feels inferior when other people around you start talking about relationships? When friends and acquaintances start talking about women I feel so out of place and pathetic. I feel people are silently judging me because I have no experience with women, even though they probably are not. When people that don't know me start talking about girls and stuff I get anxious out of fear that they will soon find out how pathetic I am. All this makes me feel like I am somehow a lesser human.
Yea same and it's not only my lack of romantic experience. Others are superior to me in literally EVERY way possible. They have hobbies - i don't. They have friends - i don't. They have ideas / plans for their future - i don't (when i think of my future i only ever see a giant black hole). They can have a meaningful conversation with others and provide emotional support - i can't. They have things they are good at and a healthy portion of self-esteem - i don't. They have achievements in their life to look back on and done things to be proud of - i don't. I could go on....
My experience (or lack of) with life makes me feel like a completely different species to other people.
yep yep yep 100% The gender roles are switched for me, but yep  arent we all lesser beings
Same all my friends have had many experiences with girls and made fun of me for being a virgin but maybe i'm a bit picky or unrealistic it's just hard for me to do much with a girl or person I don't vibe with
Totally understand. The people around me who I care about (friends) seem to have this inert spark of life that means no matter how bad things get or how depressed they get, they always have the tools or the inner will to make things better for themselves. I feel like I don’t have that spark that they have; if I’m being melodramatic, that spark was extinguished a long time ago and any hopes to reignite it seem futile and like I’ll just fail again.   What’s the point in trying to be better and achieve things if you know, deep down, that whether by my own means, or others, I’ll be reduced back to the lowest form of being that I’m at now
You may be assuming a whole lot. They might actually be super grateful they got something they wanted & want others to have the same thing. Some of our intuitions about others’ minds is horribly inaccurate. Socializing tends to smooth out the errors but some will just be reinforced.  You definitely aren’t a lesser human. The only lesser humans are the power hungry who step on others to feel important.
These situations actually make me feel like I need to be put away because I can’t do what they do.
Only every single day.
I don't feel inferior, I just start feeling angry and cheated. I usually leave almost immediately after the subject is brought up. If I can't get my own relationship, then why the fuck would I care about anyone else's lol.
I feel like a lesser being because I am
You are right. These are irrational thoughts. But sometimes they grab me hard
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kq5q71/anyone_else_take_long_hot_showers/
Nothing like sitting under a hot shower till the water runs cold. Makes me feel less cold and dead inside. A study conducted found that emotionally neglected people are more likely to take longer hot showers to emulate the emotion they aren't receiving.
Yeah same, at least 20 - 30 minutes.
I sometimes take really long baths in the dark, just listening to music for hours.
No, my showers are super quick.  However, once a week, I take a bath with the whirlpool on.
I usually curl up tightly in bed
I look forward to them everyday
I kinda wonder if this is the same reason I sleep with so many blankets on my bed.
Same, but showers (don't have a bath right now).
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kq411v/i_just_want_to_be_wanted/
Title.
Shoplift something and you'll be
I want affection and compassion from a girl
I don't know why the title hit me hard
I think you should play some GTA then
Haha that gave me a nice laugh thanks.  Really needed it.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqd8ld/i_absolutely_hate_it/
Today is the second week in a row when I lost my chances with a cute chick I met on tinder. We matched about 3-4 days ago and had a small back and forth on tinder, she eventually told me that she isn't too active on the app and is rather more active on Instagram.   I ask her, what are the odds you'll respond if I hit you up on Instagram? She doesn't reply for about 24 hours and I, out of curiosity and desperation, send her another text on tinder.  Couple of hours later, I check my phone and she has unmatched me. I'm honestly not sad anymore, I'm just baffled and freaking hopeless at this point.
>she isn't too active on the app and is rather more active on Instagram.   Lol you fell for it. I would have unmatched her right then. All she wanted was more attention on instagram.
Tinder is honestly a waste of time unless your 8/10+ otherwise you may just become a self esteem boost of these people its a a meatmarket
I can’t even get matches...
I agree, I'm quite aware of how some people use tinder to increase their followers count on instagram, like it's some getaway. But honestly, I thought this one would turn out to he different.
It's not even worth it. I've accepted the fact that tinder is an app that gives you false hope.
I don’t even bother with Tinder. I use OkCupid, Hinge and Bumble.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqgxku/pulling_myself_together/
I am 24 years old, I got in a toxic and abusive relationship over the span of  2 years, got hit by a car (I am good but my main income for a time was doing deliveries on a bike, gotten sick and couldn't attend my University classes, lost 2 jobs because of relationship (she insulted my boss, the other time I forgot my keys one time and found her with a plastic bag over her head and I spent time with her to make sure she was OK got a strike), just a shitty place surrounded by people who aren't supportive. I been at my moms house, jobless and broke a year and I am turning 25 soon. I had to take a break from university and couldn't attend. A pretty rough break up, we lived together but I lost everything I invested in furnishing the place and eventually was not allowed to sleep in the only bed, she slashed my bike tires and stabbed my wall, destroyed my room by using a fire extinguisher...... I swear I should be colorblind, ignored everything red.  I got depressed, and I wasn't OK, I stayed home all day. Dating seems impossible while being broke. I have no idea how to talk to women and ask them out when I worry not having funds for transportation, food, laundry, etc...... Open to tips and suggestions.   Over that time, I lost some contact with my only friends from hs because they are busy living there own lives. I suck at making friends, I am the kind of person who is quiet, I have a personality that shows when I have a chance to actually make a joke, or comment on something.   Now I'm almost done with a medical assistant certification because I need a job, and would like to have a career in healthcare. The certification isn't the end goal but now I see it as a way to hopefully get my foot in the door and possible branch out to research. I just hope it goes that way.  I don't feel as terrible as before, but I feel alone, I just feel invisible. I feel this was because, if I am honest with myself, there are very few people who take the time to even bother to reply to me. I get the feeling that at some point. One hs friend told me that that whole relationship made me "lose value as a man", and that my ex's new bf was a better version of me. Immediately, I said, "but, I'm the only me, how can someone be better at me than that". Those comments kinda haunted me for months.  One person who I can talk to reliably isn't someone who I can see, they live across the globe.   TL:DR  Bad relationship, bad life decisions, debt, emotional abuse, physical abuse, very long periods of isolation, loss of connection with peers from friend group, broke af . Now, I think im finally starting to see a light from the deep hole I was in. The thought of me having screwed myself from doing something I always wanted to do kinda pops up from time to time.
Bro, study well, get a job and you'll find ways opening up. Join a church group or something.
I went to church during this time. And was very turned off from Christianity as a whole. Peoppe are ok as individuals but when everyone is their calling God daddy and praying like its a super power I got very very disintrested. Thank you for taking the time to read and reply tho
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpzrlr/do_you_just_want_to_be_normal_sometimes/
Sometimes I just want to live normally and live up to my parent's ideals; I just want to be normal and "fit in" these days.  Is the normal life not as good as people think or too much?
I don’t necessarily want to live normally or conventionally, but I just wish life wasn’t so difficult. I wish I knew peace and meaning.   Being a recluse and socially aloof aside, I just can’t find meaning in anything I do anymore. I am generally neither happy nor sad; I just am.  In my mind, it doesn’t make a difference whether I lay in my bed all day or actually be productive. Why do I want this? Why do that? I cannot find the answers to these questions.
I actually enjoy being weird and different. If I was like everyone else, I would lose what defines me. That doesn’t mean I don’t get lonely. Sometimes I really wish more people understood me. But, I can live my life knowing that I’m not just another face in the crowd. I’m unique. This mindset has helped me a lot.
Tru
Yup, I’d like to be normal.  But I’m not and I hate it.
Not really. Having kids still seems like Hell on Earth to me, and interacting with my nieces and nephews just makes it worse.
Replace normal with "all the time".
I don't know, because honestly I don't even know what normal is anymore.
I don't care if i am normal or not, i just want to be happy, at least sometimes.
Sometimes? Pretty much all the time. There isn't really anything I like about myself and I'm not special enough for my weirdness to be endearing. I have to pretend to be someone else to get by in life and that's exhausting.
Who doesn't?
Most people are extrinsically motivated by not letting down those who depend on them. We don't have anyone to motivate us
I relate so much to this what the heck
>I actually enjoy being weird and different.  sometimes I do though
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kq01al/30_tomorrow_and_im_sad/
Sad that I have no one to spend it with and probably never will. While I have famil, it's a different kind of love that I wanted to have at this point in my life.
30 hits different for some reason. I never care about birthdays but my 30th was like wtf. I googled "turning 30" and read some blogs related stuff about people taking a positive twist on turning 30, although that didn't help.
I feel you. I'll be 29 next month with zero relationship experience apart from a high school girlfriend. I wonder every single day why it is that things turned out this way.
I just turned 30 in October. We’re screwed.
Happy birthday! This year will be turning 30 as well i'm not looking forward to it.
Welcome to r/FA30plus
Happy birthday man
Yeah, my FA-status hit me like a (metric) ton of bricks when I turned 30 four years ago; not getting a single phone call wishing me happy birthday apart from my aunt who remembers every single birthday in our entire family. Wishes on FB close to single digits.   I realised I hadn't had a single meaningful relationship in my life, and not because lack of trying. I did put myself out there during my entire university period (5 years). Parties, social events, etc etc.   Happy birthday, OP!
Ahh man I feel this, I’m turning 30 this year and I really wanted to give it one last go at trying to find someone, even though I know it’s pretty much just a pipe dream. Either way covid has messed any chance of that up big time the worst part is I likely won’t even be able to spend it with family or a friend because I doubt this will be cleared up anytime soon and I’ve been in lockdown for pretty much a year so I imagine that’s going to continue for a while yet....
Happy Birthday, bro
Hey, wanna talk? I can lend an ear.
So crazy... im 27 and on my way to you. KHHV.
Happy Birthday!
Welcome to the club!
It really does feel like it’s going to hit different when I turn 30 in a few months. Like in my head at 30 your supposed to have your shit together yet here I am with no partner a really average (maybe even less than average) job and we’re all stuck inside other than going to work due to the pandemic !
I agree 30 just hits different. It's not just another birthday for some reason.
Maybe we both just haven't met the person yet? Give us both a little hope here.
Thank you! So far nothing new haha but its only been a few hours
Me neither. 😑
*woman haha but thank you 😊
30 hits real different. For comparison no other year hit me like it. 31 now
I'm sorry to hear you have been locked down forever. Fingers crossed people get their shit together soon and things can return to normal in the Spring and maybe people will come out of it all with more open hearts.
Thank you! That's a very kind offer.
I'm in the same boat. I would have liked to have spent most of last year getting out there but couldn't because of the pandemic. I signed up for online dating and it has been pretty terrible.
I don’t think of you any less because you haven’t achieved what society considers right and proper at your age. Thank you for sharing :)
If I don't have a life I want by 40 I say 40 would hit like a ton of bricks.
Hope so but it doesn’t look likely, most people won’t even wear a mask in shops...
Yeah online dating is the absolute worst unless your really really good looking. Plus I couldn’t really see the point in signing up again because even if by some miracle I did match with someone who knows when we would ever be able to meet.
But I haven't given up.  I never will. Always gonna try   There's only one thing the dead know. It's better to be alive.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kq2smw/dae_have_little_talks_to_themselves_as_if_their/
I do this frequently. Ill be talking to myself, maybe joke to myself then nod to an invisible camera. As if other people are in on my life when in actuality I'm alone, and have always been alone.  If I'm playing a game, and I think something is interesting I'll talk out loud about it, and ask an invisible person questions about it...oh course I don't get any answers...  I always tell jokes to myself and laugh, and make physical gestures even though nobody is there to see them...  It's as if I pretend I'm in the truman show, and that I'm actually important instead of just a lonely piece of trash who refers to himself as "we" in his mind.  I'm just waiting for the day I snap, and the shadow people start talking to me, maybe then I'll be happy 😎
This. I do this all the time. I even played a few Poker hands with myself last night. Dealed out three other hands, exchanged random cards, etc.
lol. I legit vent and shout to myself alone in my own room. Sometimes my mom even asks me who was I talking to in my room, lmao.
I used to talk to myself a lot, but not as much now. Before it used to be full monologues, now it's just a sentence or two.
Based
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kq0ajj/i_cant_remember_feeling_genuinely_happy_over_the/
The last few years has just seen me be a virtual recluse. I have no friends, never been in a relationship, have never spoke to a single one of my college classmates, and I’m just flat-out bored nearly every single day.  Incidentally, I posted on Snapchat an image with the caption “bye for now”, as I was taking a break from social media, and I immediately got four people asking if I was okay. Four people who hadn’t spoke to me for a year, despite being in the same year at my old school, and who kept ghosting me when I tried to engage in a conversation. It’s as if they’ll only care for me if I’m dead.   I hate my existence, hate my looks, hate my experiences, hate everything about me.
I wonder sometimes why they only care when it affects them?  Sure they do care, but why does it take someone shouting "I AM SUICIDAL" to get anybody to care  I wonder if it would be me killing myself that upsets them, or just the fact that they have to deal with the fact that someone they knew killed themselves...  Either way, it doesn't matter.   Here's my obligatory "sorry you had to go through that, it's not fair" because it isn't, and it's bullshit, and you really do deserve better.  Stay strong ✊
Me too man, I’m sorry that you feel this way.
I can’t remember the last time I felt genuinely happy either.
It’s not the suicide that makes them care or the fact they know the person, it’s whether or not the way they interacted with them affected the suicidal person from taking their own lives. The possibility of having to live with that guilt, that you may be partially/fully responsible for making that person feel so horrible that they want to die.
Same here, i am in my mid 20s, wich should be the most fun phase in my life but instead i am only suffering from Mental issues
Yeah, I completely understand the guilt. If I have to be honest, I’m not sure if I should engage in conversations with them in future, because I dislike the impression that I’m threatening suicide to force them to speak to me.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpnhag/i_basically_have_this_phone_just_to_go_on_reddit/

Same but I also use it to talk this girl on Facebook.    My sister.
Thats plenty of use. Plus using it as a mobile mp3 player.
Mine is just a glorified WiFi hot spot.
Same. Plus music.
Replace the word Reddit with Instagram and Twitter and your got the average person. Normal people spend so much money on phones just so they can use the same 3-4 apps as they did on their old devices.
Im on Reddit more than id like to admit
I use it for everything except for it's intended use: socializing (unless it's strangers on the internet).
same here
Pornhub too
Do you watch any sport?
Same
Same
Same with me I use reddit once a week , use insta/whatsapp to chat with my 2 friends /watch reels  & watch anime for 1-2 hours at night ..I installed and played codm for a month and got bored so I uninstalled I got nothing interesting to do
Add Spotify and Instagram and it's all my uses.
same. that is why I use a budget Chinese phone without the need to upgrade even though it is 5 years old. I don't need amazing cameras to expose my ugly face even more.
Same. But, I go on Instagram sometimes..
Yep. Reddit, Youtube, Tiktok and play one game. That's all my phone is used for.
Spotify ?   ....but yeah same !
Same. I have a lot of friends on Snapchat. I know they chat a lot but whenever I go in to check I just see the "read" or "sent"
MP3? You’re not using it to it’s full potential then my brother
They spend a lot of money mostly for the camera dude. They have life so they take a lot of pics, unlike us lol.
nah I'm part of nofap
Yep, those are the three.
Watching Mixed Martial Arts(UFC, Bellator, One FC) helps me get out of a funk temporarily. Fight nights(Saturdays) are the only thing I looked forward to throughout the week.
Im using documents 5 on the iphone, so its mp4 technically. I only listen music on the black screen to save electricity.
Gosh, go for FLAC. iPhone supports it now via apps or even the files
I‘ll look into it
.flac is CD quality stuff.
Im noticing theres no mp4 functionality, is that correct?
No, why are you using MP4? Just use an app so it’ll play in the background so you don’t have your screen on at all
Im downloading videos from youtube onto documents. So sometimes i can take podcatsts with me, plus songs that are only on youtube.
That hurts me lol YouTube sounds so bad
You make me feel so dirty, its like you insulted my entire way of life like its so natural to you.   and where do you download your music from?
I buy CDs, and rip them in full CD quality, no MP3 bs. I have CDs as rare as $300 you’d never find easily. I buy all of my music :)
That „:)“ just feels smug man
It’s not meant to! I’m just the guy who’s been on the internet since the early 2000s so relics like “XD” and “:)” plague my typing habits :P
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqfn0z/not_good_enough/
In 22 years this is the closest I have ever come to a relationship that had any emotional connection whatsoever, but he didn't choose me. He was apparently in love with me in high school and had a crush through his six-year relationship, and yet I'm still not good enough. We had sex before I temporarily moved out of state for four months, and talked every day for those months. We would talk about how amazing the sex was, how we both think about it constantly, and wish that we were in the same physical place. We have always effortlessly clicked, and the entire time after we had sex that we were talking all day, every day, I thought we were building something.   But then he told me he had been casually seeing a girl and he thinks it's getting serious, so we should stop flirting. He said that he didn't think I would ever be seriously interested so he just ignored the constant talking, flirting, sexting, emotional sharing, and straight-up relationship building that I thought had been happening but I guess I was alone the entire time. I told him what it had meant for me, but he still chose her. He told me that he admires me more than anyone, that I'm beautiful and sexy and he can't believe I would ever feel that way about "someone like him." But If he, out of everyone, only wants me as a fuck buddy or a friend then I have a hard time believing anybody will ever actually want to be with me. I guess all I'm good for is sex once or twice, and I will always just end up alone fantasizing about everyday relationship stuff that everyone else seems to take for granted.
I had relationships in middle school they came so easy but weren't serious. By highschool I got a seriously depressed. Now at 20 I've came close not once but twice. One of them the girl was coming to my house qnd we were having meaningful conversations until she started feeling guilty about her toxic relationship and cut me off.
Sounds like the relationship was heavily based on physical attraction and once it became a LDR he either found someone else and grew attached or just got horny. It sucks but as a guy I can tell you being horny makes us do some stupid shit. Alot of men think with their... well you know...  You may not want to hear this but the truth is there are plenty more fish in the sea. Sometimes it doesn't work out even when BOTH parties are trying their hardest so try not to get too beat up over it.   Time heals all wounds.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kq405d/just_in_the_mood_to_get_some_things_off_my_chest/
I should consider myself lucky. I graduated college back in May and in the midst of this pandemic I managed to find a true career I enjoy. I'm only 22 but I already feel like I've lived half my life. I'm looking back through highschool and college and realizing how much I wasted. Especially college. I didn't go to a single party, I never made any friends beyond what you'd consider a study partner, started a KV and remain that way today. I think about where I'll be at 45 or 50 when my parents are dead. What that first Christmas alone is gonna be like. The few friends I do have are all online, people I play Halo with, people I chat with. My degree took required a lot of time and dedication to complete, but I look back and think about all the free time I had where I either played games or explored my hobbies alone. I remember the sinking feeling I'd get walking through campus, seeing couples together, friend groups eating lunch in the student union and how idk kinda surreal it all seemed. I don't know if I have some undiagnosed autism or what but I genuinely just need a real life friend and eventually a SO to keep me sane. I can't even think of the last time I talked to a girl outside of a fast food employee or someone at work. For that matter I can't even think of the last time I've had a conversation with a dude outside of the normal social interaction. I'm lucky. I'm successful, I make good money. I think I'm petty to be worrying about this at such a young age but I've been on this pattern since highschool. Maybe I'm meant to be a lonely soul, but we'll see. Thanks for listening
I am 28 and have never been with a woman. I can't even recall having talked with a girl. I fear this is how it'll be for the rest of my life. I'm not lonely and have many hobbies (all introvert ones). But who knows how it'll be 20 or 30 years from now. Maybe I'll be crippled with loneliness. What then? It will be too late to look for a partner. I've already lost my mother and dad is the only person close to me who's still alive. I don't have any close friend to speak of. Sometimes I feel like I've only got a few years to turn this around or I'll be doomed forever. All this is too much pressure.
I'm in my late 30's. I've never looked across a room to find a woman looking back at me intently, or had one approach me to make her presence known. I didn't really understand that women aren't attracted to me till I was in my late 20's.   If this is your experience, then maybe you're right to feel the way you do. On the other hand, if you notice women noticing you, and you're not acting on it, then probably all the "just be confident, put yourself out there" advice and the like actually applies to you.
30 and KHHV. I’m already doomed.
While the bad feelings are valid and stressful, just remember you're the only one applying a clock/ time limit to your life. It's not impossible for your life to get better, and it will take however long it needs to. Stay strong.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kq5279/i_dont_think_i_will_find_someone_who_truly_loves/
I've had dates before and had two girlfriends but neither actually loved me. They were just there in high school and we just dated because that was what other people around us did. I've really searched far for love. I did Tinder for a while, I got to know most of the girls in my school and I found someone I really loved. I pursued her for half a year only to get rejected. People said go after her and I tried again, we remained friends and I started to build up my way from there. Once again, I got rejected. I'm not bitter against her I know not everyone is going to be attracted in me and that's okay. The thing is, I don't feel comfortable getting intimate with someone I don't truly love and it's getting frustrating. People I love, don't love me back and the people who want to get intimate with me don't do it because they actually want me, they want the intimacy. Anyone decent is okay for them but I don't do that. I fear I would get hooked on someone after intimacy and it fears me to get hooked to someone I don't truly love. I'm just too sensitive and romantic for my own good and I fear I won't be able to find anyone like me in this modern world...
Bro you actually tried a lot, unlike me lol.  Keep going bro, I can't say anything because I'm worse than you but I hope things will get better.  Actually I'm afraid that I am not even capable of falling in love anymore, after everything, but I believe it could happen to you.
> Anyone decent is okay for them but I don't do that.   You know that you just said the majority of the sub here isn't decent with that sentence?
My bad for the misunderstanding I sentenced that horribly. What I was trying to say was that in my social area (college), people are okay with getting intimate w/ people they barely met just because they are okay. But I find that to be contradicting with my own morality.
I fail to see where he is wrong with that line of tougth  *insert kronk*  "No,no he gots a point"
I honestly wouldn't call that getting "intimate". I would call that just sex.  Intimacy requires some kind of trust and you can also get intimate without having sex. There are aromantics who have sex for pleasure without wanting intimacy and there are asexuals who want intimacy without actually wanting sex.  I wish I was at least okay enough to be considered like you, but I wouldn't take the offer tbh for the same reasons as you (otherwise I would have visited a brothel already). You are millions times closer to actually finding someone than me (and most people here) though, since you are able to attract girls and on top of that you are still young.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kq3azg/another_year_another_rejection/
Why do I even try anymore in the over hundred of women I've asked out or tried to get to know more then friends its always some bullshit excuse, I'm busy or I think that the age difference is too great when it's not or my personal favourite let's be friends god I just wish I could fucking disappear all I want is a romantic connection with someone is that so wrong for me to want to have, is it wrong for me to have what I want what I need, what am I supposed to do
[deleted]
Yeah I bet too bad it seems like it will never happen to me
I've never asked anyone out, and have never had a friend of the opposite gender. Women have always found me repulsive and disgusting.
Lol dude. You made me laugh.  Do you ask them if they find you repulsive and disgusting?
I don't even have to. Their body language and facial expressions show it.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpx8bp/ive_been_attempting_4_dating_apps_for_a_month_now/
Ive tried so many things, so much advice taken. I don’t know what to do anymore. The only advice I can see works is be a supermodel or show off how rich you are. I feel like I could use better pics bc I only have an iPhone 7 but I think that’s not it. I honestly don’t know what I’m doing wrong and I’m losing hope.   I just switched to look at guys instead of girls on tinder to see what I’m up against, and most of them are either jokes, low quality profiles, or complete douchebags. There were a couple good looking profiles but those were super attractive guys showing off cars or exotic places. And to make me feel worse, I got 3 likes from guys in the first minute of switching. At least I know guys like me I guess  Idk if anyone has any advice to give, but if it will help, please be blunt and honest. Any advice is, as always appreciated
At least you’re getting likes...
What does your profile look like? You could either post it to the tinder subreddit or send it to me and I can give you some insight.   Keep in mind that dating apps can take a while. More than a month for many. Great pictures with you doing a variety of social activities and a decent bio goes a long way. Remember, dating is about selling yourself. You must stand out.
I've had this exact problem for years now. Pretty typical.    >I honestly don’t know what I’m doing wrong  Being male on a dating app, that's it.
Dude I'm having the exact same problem. I'm straight and so I would never ever bother looking at the males. Guys are more likely to swipe right on you hence the likes you got.    But I also get 0 likes from women despite trying different photos etc. That's just the truth of the matter.. If you're not good looking atleast model tier online dating just doesn't work. It's hopeless out here...Online dating apps normally have a 10 to 1 male to female ratio. They have too many options (still complain about choosing the wrong ones lol) The best I can do is give you true reassurance that you are not the only one going through this. It's a global phenomenon with atleast 70% of men. Our dating life was written in our genetics when we were born. But many men just don't want to acknowledge it.
The thing is, there are so many competitors. Even if 4 out of 5 guys are total douchbags, there's just so many of them that any girl can still pick from a dozen good ones.
online dating is horrific, lets just say my forever alone status is less to do with looks and more to do with personality and i get virtually nothing on dating apps
Im sorry for chuckling at the title, but that sounded like some twisted comedy.
😂 😂
A month is not a lot of time on dating apps. As someone who has been on dating apps for the majority of the last ten years, I can tell you that likes and actual matches are much fewer and further between than that for the average FA. The first time I tried tinder I went four months without a like. Any time I really tried I was on 2-3 apps and was lucky to get a couple matches a year.
I send you a link to an imho pretty good example. If I post it here, it gets removed.   High quality partners are difficult to find for men and for women.  While women, who want one, have to go through dozen of profiles with men who are not able or not willing to describe who they are, men often have no choice at all and can only hope to be found.   All I can advice you, is to set up a text that shows (a little bit) of sensitivity, shows who you are and shows that you have an idea of how to lead a rs.   I think that is one of the most sought after quality. Men, who have a personality but are relationship ready and willing to commit.   Then you have to sit it out. I can imagine it's fucking hard. I am on the other side though (but I also find it very hard to try and try again only to see that so many people have no decent idea of a rs).   ~~I would suggest bumble.~~  I've seen you alreads use this. And keep in mind how distorted the statistics are on d apps. It's 20-35 % women and rest men. That in itself explains a lot why the genders act so differently in Old.   I wish you all the best.
Tinder doesn’t work
Yeah that’s why I dont fuck with dating apps.   The only people who get real results are highly attractive men, for reasons you know. For the rest of us I just feel like it’s walking in the dark.   Just how it is.
Seriously. I'm straight too but it'd be a nice for someone to find me attractive, even if I wasn't attracted to them.
you don't have to be a 'model' to be to get matches but well in the top 20% minimum.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpogel/imagine_taking_it_for_granted_to_regularly/
What makes me saddest about this is knowing other people experience all the magic we never receive.  Watching the stars at night. Dreaming together. Have someone to watch movies with...  I dunno where I messed up Karma but apparently somewhere I did.
Totally relate to it man. Don't even know how it feels like and I'm about to be 25 years old some 6 months later. Life feels pathetic mate.
I really feel this one. I'm 41 now and hopelessly single. My brother is younger than me and been married for ten years.  I can't even begin to imagine what that must feel like. Having someone there for you. To spend time with. Must be amazing.
I agree.  I would never take it for granted. But I’ll never have it anyway, it will always remain a daydream.
Every time I realize I'll never look someone I love ( romantically) in the eyes and never know what it feels, it makes me cry and I feel a pain in my chest.  Normal people don't appreciate how lucky they're and take for granted something wonderful and magical. Just think about it: someone who loves you hugging you or looking you in the eyes or holding your hand. It hurts.  What we have done to suffer this curse? Why even keep living?
I get irrationally angry hearing anybody talk about their relationships. Even hearing that someone else had an ex triggers me and I can't listen to them anymore.   It just hurts too much
Feels even more pathetic to have to tell an escort that all you want is to cuddle for an hour.
lmao true
If normal people took it for granted, why is it such a critical piece to our humanity? The talking point that normies take all these things for granted is just plain wrong. Relationships are valued and treasured for most people. Why else do people continue to get into one?   It seems more likely that you're projecting your perceived value of it and insisting that normies don't value relationships because it isn't up to your standards. The problem with that is that you're approaching it based on scarcity, better to keep that in mind instead of making assumptions about an entire group.
I could never pay for anything, like a hooker. It was always in my mind that the other person only does it for the money and i couldnt enjoy it.
The warmth and touch of a woman is incredible though.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpygyw/this_really_has_me_pissed_off_why_the_fuck_would/
https://preview.redd.it/umcm9mzo18961.jpg?width=720&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=1cc96faf15c629eddf54af645e4a400aa4721cc9  https://preview.redd.it/plffnxvp18961.jpg?width=720&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=0a0c76d7ec7c66573fdeae96fa76c08571228e38  Backstory: I (M21) know this girl from church for about a year. Me and her talk almost every Sunday i see her from church. I have a crush on this girl so i wanted to ask if she wanted to go hiking sometime. At first she seemed pretty interested in hanging out but than she ghosted me when i asked her what day would she like to hang out.    &#x200B;  It just pisses me off because she could've at least made up some lame excuse to not want to go. I want to give this girl the benefit of doubt and say "she's probably busy with work (she works at a restaurant)" but at this point, I have to use my common sense and say she's just not interested in hanging out.   &#x200B;  Man, life sucks. She got my hopes up all for nothing. I wish she should've made up a lame excuse like "Sorry , I can't , I'm just too busy with work and everything that's going on in my personal life".
I don’t understand why they do this. I wish it was acceptable to just say “I’m not interested.” That would make things easier.  I asked a girl out and she said she would go to the movies with me and never showed up. Doesn’t make any sense and hurt me way worse than an “I’m not interested.” Would have.
It seems way too early to give up. Give it a few more days than move on.  Its perfectly possible that she changed her mind or something came up. All of those things are very well out of your control and its a good idea to not get upset over that.
Cold feet, second thoughts, met someone better, take your pick!    I will say this though, I’ve been guilty of what you could call ghosting (back before it was a thing, back before cellphones were as common as they are now) and you know why I did it: Fear, fear of pressure, fear of death threats, fear of violence and before you roll your eyes and say “Im not like that”, ask yourself, does she really know that, for sure for sure?    On a side note, I have had people threatening me with violence and death for changing my mind, I’ve had people try to coerce me and these were all people I knew for sometime   Heck my own cousin who I was always friends with, molested me when I was 13 and assaulted me and tried to seriously injure me in front of my parent, grandparents, uncles and sisters.  You think that didn’t make me uneasy?    I feel your pain, I really do, because I too have experienced let down, but you need to face reality and it’s not pretty; we are a society who for at least the last two generations sees nothing wrong with using violence and or the threat of violence any and every time they feel slighted (Note I am generalizing here).    I still remember this guy who murdered a 7 year old for talking to his girlfriend, you think he lost any sleep over that, no he told the police that it was the kids fault for talking to his GF.     All I am saying is before you go taking it and internalizing it as a slight against you, consider the fact that maybe it wasn’t personal, and even if it was, can you really say that you would have done different in her shoes?
[deleted]
So disheartening.  I'm sorry it happened.  I wish people were more forthright, but we do live now, sadly, in a world where people can just duck and dodge any and all accountability.
I don't know if this is why she didn't reply but it looks like she only gets her work schedules about a week in advance so it might be difficult for her to make plans that far in the future
Two thoughts nobody has mentioned:  When I was a youngster I had awful retail jobs where I wouldn't know next week's schedule until I picked up my pay-stub on Friday night.  Yeah that's right, I wouldn't know my hours on Sunday until Friday night.  OP's trying to get her to commit to something three weeks away and when I was that age I couldn't tell you if I had to work on Sunday as late as Friday afternoon.  I'm not saying this proves anything or changes anything but you gotta be realistic about some jobs and their scheduling.  You made a date for outside at a park.  At the coldest time of the year with the worst weather.  I'm just pointing this out.  Again "back when I was a kid" I made big plans a couple days ahead (all I could do, see above) to visit this summer festival when my favorite band was playing live.  And instead we had a 100F 110% humidity morning and tornados in the afternoon, so I never got to attend the week long festival or see my favorite band on its rain date when I had to work.  I'm just saying OP, maybe you had a huge blizzard two days ago and that was her only day off that week, I donno your local situation.  My advice:  You don't have to go radio silent until date day, send her some funny memes or something to keep it going.  Its "possible" she is waiting for her boss to post the schedule on... the 8th, and meanwhile she's wondering why OP is radio silent he must not be interested in more oh well I'll call Chad up and...  In summary, send her funny memes.  No sausage pics as per rule #8.  I'd keep in mind the advice about anything other than ecstatic yes is a no when dealing with girls.  If she really liked you, you'd be snuggling under an umbrella in a hurricane that same day for lunch not pondering if you might or might not meet up weeks from now.  So for all practical purposes you got a "no" but send her some memes maybe she'll be bored and "yes" you next week anyway.
Because people like that are assholes. She can’t respond after all that time? Time to move on.
[removed]
That's what I'm saying 🗣️🗣️.
Normie here. My opinion is totally different. Based on the screenshots, it looks like OP’s gut was right and she’s not interested. Best to move on.  If I’m wrong she still could respond positively with a date but if OP and I are right, moving on with save a lot of heartache and some potentially looking foolish.
I hear what your saying. I will give it a couple more days. But if she doesn't message me after a couple more days , then it's pretty clear she's not interested.
RemindMe! 3 days   Has she responded yet ?
RemindMe! 3 days
[removed]
No, she knows your work schedule 2 weeks in advance
He suggested one date and she didn't reply in four days. She didn't reject him for being too available there
Yeah im not sure if he looks foolish unless he sent another text. This is just the waiting game right now
Yes, let's just keep moving on over and over and over and over. Just constantly getting ghosted and treated like shit.     No damage to your mental health, surely. 'Just move on bro!" Righteous bro, I can't wait to move on to someone else who'll pull the same exact shit on me
Hey, just curious on how did this go?
There is a 2 hour delay fetching comments.  I will be messaging you in 3 days on [**2021-01-07 02:16:12 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-07%2002:16:12%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpygyw/this_really_has_me_pissed_off_why_the_fuck_would/gi0vtb1/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FForeverAlone%2Fcomments%2Fkpygyw%2Fthis_really_has_me_pissed_off_why_the_fuck_would%2Fgi0vtb1%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-07%2002%3A16%3A12%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kpygyw)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
Yea. That's what I meant.
Huh?
So you just give up on her? If he's so easily rattled that he backs down after the first half no, how could he ever defend her or a family from danger. Need to start thinking like an animal.  Also why is your date a whole day long event? Make it a short walk or coffee. Then you'll know for sure
Well, the other choice is to try to force something that’s just not there. That’s no choice at all.  I realize accepting that she is not interested is hard but it is the best thing for OP
It has nothing to do with defending her family from danger, it's about respecting the fact that she isn't interested
That's your problem. Women work differently to men. They are attracted to strength. Who are you going to trust? Another sad sack like you with no woman or someone that's bedded dozens of women and has had multiple girlfriends. I've currently got 3 on the go now.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpsrwg/feels_like_everybody_around_me_are_growing_and/

Same here. You need friendships and relationships to grow. You need people to go out there and share experiences with. You need that social aspect when engaging in activities.
Yea, sounds relatable alright.
Same here.
Try setting some life goals. Start small with daily goals. Move on to achievable medium term goals. Try changing habits and daily cycles of...doing nothing. You know those self help books or websites people have made fun of for so many years? Try reading those. YouTube has excellent vids like these as well. Track what you do daily. Are you to blame for your failings? Does the daily log show what could be changed? Give it a shot. Good luck.
That’s so true, as I’ve learned. You really do become the people who are around you. So if you don’t have anybody, you’re just plain fucked.
Yup, and I don’t have them...
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kqonvi/is_being_alone_really_that_bad/
What's so wrong with being alone and dying alone ? Are people really worth the effort with all the baggage they bring with them ?   Do you want all that drama in your life ? Their stupid friends in your life ? No , right.
Have you ever woken up and the FIRST feeling that hits your synapses is a deep void in your heart? A hole which cannot be filled by yourself. A pit of despair that leeches into every waking moment and thought.  The only time you feel free is during REM sleep.  This is loneliness. It sucks dick
Dying alone is more of a philosophical thing about what death means to you. Being alone in life for the most part is not a good thing. We are social animals, there's a reason loneliness has an affect on health. But then again that's complete isolation. You could probably live a decent life with minimal relationships depending on what job and economic background you have.
Being alone makes me unhappy, and I want to be happy. It’s that simple.
It’s an entirely fair question, but one for which I really don’t know the answer.    There is truth to what you say and especially in a time when any sort of relationships brings even greater risks than before it would lead one to conclude that one is better off alone.      if you’re not happy without one, what makes you think you’re going to be happy with one.
To some people nothing. To most people, being social animals and biologically driven to partnership for safety, reproduction and support, a lot.
So, I don't know why you are getting down voted, I talk about this all the time. :D  [https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kphmkj/im\_a\_hermit\_and\_im\_not\_sure\_how\_to\_reintegrate/ghxhzzd/?context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kphmkj/im_a_hermit_and_im_not_sure_how_to_reintegrate/ghxhzzd/?context=3)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpswhj/do_you_feel_cornered/
I have a wonderful, loving family.  As the oldest one from all my cousins I am expected to be the first one to have an offspring. Everyone always says «You need a girl already» , «When you going to show us that girl you meeting?» or even worse «We are going to make sure the girl you pick is perfect».  Honestly? I’m flattered. But in reality I feel such shame and remorse. I don’t have the guts to tell anyone i don’t feel like my life is going to be good or that I just want to live somewhere alone until I perish.  My dad keeps giving me the sex talk, says that «no water flows under a rock», «after you have sex you’ll want it even more and find a girl».   After I told him that I can’t even imagine having someone by my side, that I don’t feel like I deserve love, it went something like:  «Well, do you have any health problems? You gettin boners and all?»  «Well, yes»  «Then it’s all fixable, mental issues aren’t serious»  Now, again, please don’t say that i have bad parents, they have done so much for me that the least I can do is just keep quiet to not bother anyone.  I don’t think I am capable of loving someone anymore. The one girl I had the guts to talk to, give gifts to and hang out with found a boyfriend over a weekend, and that’s after 2 months of me going around like a little puppy, hoping she would notice me. Recently i found out she knew I had feelings for her, but to avoid turning me down or anything she found someone.  I didn’t ask for any of this, I wish I had a more justified reason for being a loser  Sorry for bad grammar, just writing this in hopes to go to sleep
Pretty much same situation for me with the parents.  They make it all sound so easy. "Just go out"... I've been to other countries and never been close to anything like that. So safe to say that wasn't the case...
I don’t think your parents are bad, but ignorant or moronic? Then yes.
\>after you have sex you’ll want it even more     And that ladies and germs is why I have stayed a virgin to this very day.  “don’t go chasing what you can’t have” those are the words I live by.
Sounds exactly like my parents. That borders on gaslighting.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpm7a2/its_your_personality/
Wow thanks for the advice, that helps me a lot, not only is what you just said scientifically incorrect but you also made me hate myself even more thanks
"Just get a new personality bro, and also remember to always be yourself!"
How is it scientifically incorrect?
Nah, I think thats just a lame excuse for you being not attractive enough. They always trying to find fault in you independent from whether you have done something wrong or not.
See this is why girls aren’t honest when rejecting guys.  They try to let you down easily and not hurt your feelings, and you complain.  They are honest, and you tell them they’re wrong and get upset.  We are in a lose-lose situation here.
I knew that already, it’s why I‘m a recluse, the less I inflict myself on other people the better they like me.
I mean, it depends on who is giving you this advice - some random person on the internet or someone who knows you personally.
You don't get it  Just be different..... But also remember to be yourself 😎
jUsT bE uRsElF
If you can't be specific about what is wrong with my personality then it will not help me at all.
it literally is your personality if you had a a truly appealing ersonality you could look like anything but keep swallowing those incel black pills.
Or you could strive to become the best version of yourself
Also, "It's just a numbers game." and "Put yourself out there."
Step 1 then step 2.
Start with this.  [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19558447](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19558447)  >Pers. 2009 Aug;77(4):933-64. doi: 10.1111/j.1467-6494.2009.00570.x. Epub 2009 May 18.   >   >**What leads to romantic attraction: similarity, reciprocity, security, or beauty? Evidence from a speed-dating study.**   >   >Luo S, Zhang G.   >   >Department  of Psychology, Social Behavioral Science Building, University of North  Carolina at Wilmington, Wilmington, NC 28403, USA.   >   >**Abstract**   >   >Years  of attraction research have established several "principles" of  attraction with robust evidence. However, a major limitation of previous  attraction studies is that they have almost exclusively relied on  well-controlled experiments, which are often criticized for lacking  ecological validity. The current research was designed to examine  initial attraction in a real-life setting-speed-dating. Social Relations  Model analyses demonstrated that initial attraction was a function of  the actor, the partner, and the unique dyadic relationship between these  two. Meta-analyses showed intriguing sex differences and similarities.  Self characteristics better predicted women's attraction than they did  for men, whereas partner characteristics predicted men's attraction far  better than they did for women. The strongest predictor of attraction for both sexes was partners' physical attractiveness. Finally, there was some support for the reciprocity principle but no evidence for the similarity principle.   >   >PMID: 19558447 DOI: 10.1111/j.1467-6494.2009.00570.x
Or it's because of something not related to incel doctrine
Being direct doesn't mean you are hurting someone's feelings.  "I'm not interested" is direct, effective, and simple.  Someone said that to me once and it was the best rejection I had.  Passive-aggressiveness is what really makes me angry.
Worst part is girls have to let down softly otherwise they might get stalked or shittalked for no good reason. Or even assaulted.
It's not that easy to give people advice on their personalities because it's hard to assess someone's whole character through a written paragraph. Most people write the exact same thing when asked about their personality, i.e. "caring, loving, hardworking, intelligent", etc. but it's not necessarily just about personality in broad strokes. Habits, how someone reacts to different scenarios, how they communicate, language of love, how they take on tasks, hobbies, there are so many facets to someone's personality than just writing some very vague qualities everyone uses. It's best assessed in person, but that's also very hard to do.  I have a friend who can be, very broadly, described as follows: hardworking, funny, honest and caring. Sounds like a catch, yea? But he also has issues with respecting people's boundaries (one time, the first thing he said to a girl was "show me your boobs", and no matter how many times I ask him to not hug me, he still brute forces me into them), and he can be very one-sided in conversations (talks and doesn't leave room for anyone to interject). They're all things we told him about. There's plenty other things that aren't "hardworking, funny, honest and caring" that make up his personality, like the things he likes and dislikes, among many other things. But that's all to say, THESE aren't something he's going to be mentioning when talking about his personality, because he doesn't even realise them, and they don't fall in the typical range of what someone would use to describe their personality.   Personality can never be done justice to by summing it up to a handful of words. It's something that needs to be experienced through interactions and different scenarios.
Well, at this point, the only way is up I guess.
This is one study.We have no idea of the number of participants, of the sex of the participants, the backgrounds, the occupations, their situations. Additionally, this was performed in a speed-dating setting, which is different from, for example, online dating, dating within a friend group, or blind dates.  Here are the four parameters: Similarity, Reciprocity, Security, and Beauty (weird that they write that, as "attractiveness" would've been a more neutral term.)Why are the parameters not defined? The closest we have to personality is "similarity", and you don't need to be completely similar, or completely different from someone to be attracted to them.I'm sorry but this one study from 2009 that doesn't even provide the base numbers of how many participants there were and how they define and use those parameters is not enough to prove that it's "scientifically incorrect".  The reason for that is that most people can't even agree on a definition of "personality", no more than researches and studies can be made on "consciousness" because it is a broad, difficult to define term.     EDIT: here's an example of a convincing, well-structured study (unrelated to the subject cause I just grabbed the first one I had on hand): [https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-019-40468-y](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-019-40468-y)
Only incels think that rejection can be based on lack of physical attraction...
It’s great that you are able to handle being told that but many men are not, and many women are afraid of what the reaction will be.  A few abusive assholes have ruined it for all the men, I’m sorry to say.
I can imagine some sociopathic guy that is softly rejected 50 times in row without the chance to even stalk or assault anyone... Checkmate criminals!
>But he also has issues with respecting people's boundaries (one time, the first thing he said to a girl was "show me your boobs", and no matter how many times I ask him to not hug me, he still brute forces me into them), and he can be very one-sided in conversations (talks and doesn't leave room for anyone to interject).  That is not entirely a personality issue - he's not only immature but also lacks basic social skills.
>This is one study.  One of many, yes.  >We have no idea of the number of participants, of the sex of the participants, the backgrounds, the occupations, their situations.  54 males and 54 females average 19.5 years old from a large university, all heterosexual and single.  >Additionally, this was performed in a speed-dating setting, which is different from, for example, online dating, dating within a friend group, or blind dates.  Physical attractiveness predicts romantic attraction, so unless the participants of those other types of dating have no face, this complain lacks validity.  >Here are the four parameters: Similarity, Reciprocity, Security, and Beauty (weird that they write that, as "attractiveness" would've been a more neutral term.)Why are the parameters not defined? The closest we have to personality is "similarity", and you don't need to be completely similar, or completely different from someone to be attracted to them.   >   >I'm sorry but this one study from 2009 that doesn't even provide the base numbers of how many participants there were and how they define and use those parameters is not enough to prove that it's "scientifically incorrect".  Similarity refers to interests, political views, religions, etc.  Personality refers to the Big Five.  Evidently you have not read the paper.  >The reason for that is that most people can't even agree on a definition of "personality", no more than researches and studies can be made on "consciousness" because it is a broad, difficult to define term.  That's a long winded way to concur with what OP was saying.
it is also in speed dating enviroment also it is near impossible to score social skills due to the many many minor clues that get picked up on etc etc.   Someone who has very good social skills and ability to talk to anyone is going to fare well. incels just be seething no woman wants their stinky NEET dick
no. Only incels think that any other reason is just an excuse for lack of physical attraction.
And what defines personality? I think social skill perfectly counts as an aspect of personality, as it is a facet of that person's character. His inability to understand boundaries is part of his personality, as much as respect, care and intelligence are.
Can you tell me where you see the full version of that study? I genuinely can't find anything other than the small paragraph with no info on participants and other parameters.
[https://www.researchgate.net/publication/26322693\_What\_Leads\_to\_Romantic\_Attraction\_Similarity\_Reciprocity\_Security\_or\_Beauty\_Evidence\_From\_a\_Speed-Dating\_Study](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/26322693_What_Leads_to_Romantic_Attraction_Similarity_Reciprocity_Security_or_Beauty_Evidence_From_a_Speed-Dating_Study)
Thanks. Also, I never agreed or disagreed with the OP. In any case, the study focuses on "initial attraction" which, yes, is primarily determined by looks in some scenarios (like OLD and speed dating). I'm just saying that the OP saying "it's my personality is scientifically incorrect" is bizarre, because even if someone is initially attracted to another person, it doesn't mean that it'll work because in the long run it's personality that matters for the most part.   Additionally, the study does say the strongest predictor is physical attraction, but strongest doesn't mean absolute.    It's very possible that the OP's personality is the reason he's in this predicament, but no one can tell for sure. Again, it's easier to get the full scope of someone's appearance in a moment (i.e. photos on an online dating profile or speed dating) vs personality, which you uncover over a long time over different situations and can't be fully described in a paragraph.  Someone is going to look the same regardless of if their order at a restaurant was messed up or not, but you'll only see one part of their personality in how they react to that particular situation (for example, if they're being rude to the employee or not). To me it seems more like the OP is upset that the implication is that their personality does not mesh well with other people's, but that's entirely possible.
>Thanks. Also, I never agreed or disagreed with the OP.  Well, if as you said that definition of personality is subjective, then people's evaluation of OP are not based on facts, not repeatable, hence non-scientific.  >In any case, the study focuses on "initial attraction" which, yes, is primarily determined by looks in some scenarios (like OLD and speed dating). I'm just saying that the OP saying "it's my personality is scientifically incorrect" is bizarre, because even if someone is initially attracted to another person, it doesn't mean that it'll work because in the long run it's personality that matters for the most part.  Even if we assume you to be correct about effects of personality over a long period of time, that doesn't mean OP is wrong.  What happens in the long run wouldn't matter to OP if he can't get over the hurdle of physical attraction.  >Additionally, the study does say the strongest predictor is physical attraction, but strongest doesn't mean absolute.  Strongest means looks trump everything else.  >Again, it's easier to get the full scope of someone's appearance in a moment (i.e. photos on an online dating profile or speed dating) vs personality, which you uncover over a long time over different situations and can't be fully described in a paragraph.  Yes, [something similar was done](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/jul/29/okcupid-experiment-human-beings-dating) but not over long term.  As first, you may conclude that a person looks improve with personality, but it is really the other way around.  It comes down to physical attractiveness.  [More rigorous studies reached similar conclusion.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5519305/)  >Someone is going to look the same regardless of if their order at a restaurant was messed up or not, but you'll only see one part of their personality in how they react to that particular situation (for example, if they're being rude to the employee or not). To me it seems more like the OP is upset that the implication is that their personality does not mesh well with other people's, but that's entirely possible.  So do wife beaters have better personality than OP according to you?
It is, because even "the big five" is something people don't universally agree upon.     We don't know about OP's situation. All we have to go on of is a small sentence. Is he asking his friends out? Is he making online profiles? Looks fade, so eventually personality has to take over.      Doesn't mean there isn't room for anything else but looks.     I'll be really honest here. I think anything involving dating apps/websites is stupid. I might be biased, but I personally believe everyone on dating apps is just bottom of the barrel (maybe not so true in covid era, nor at the very start of dating apps era where literally everyone who was aware of them jumped on) and to me it's just people who don't have any success going there (man or woman.)     Never said that. They're good manipulators, and much of the "wife-beater" part comes out once the abuser has successfully manipulated and isolated their victim so they have no way out. Not sure what you're trying to say here.
>It is, because even "the big five" is something people don't universally agree upon.  So people don't know what they are talking about when the use the word personality.  >We don't know about OP's situation. All we have to go on of is a small sentence. Is he asking his friends out? Is he making online profiles?   >   >Looks fade, so eventually personality has to take over.  People usually date after they realize they have romantic attraction for each other.  What does that mean?  The phase of personality discovery follows physical attraction.  Sure, personality eventually takes over, but that isn't going to help someone who can't get his foot in the door.  >Doesn't mean there isn't room for anything else but looks.  Doesn't mean they are relevant at the same time.  Romantic attraction → Dating → Marriage.  >I'll be really honest here. I think anything involving dating apps/websites is stupid. I might be biased, but I personally believe everyone on dating apps is just bottom of the barrel (maybe not so true in covid era, nor at the very start of dating apps era where literally everyone who was aware of them jumped on) and to me it's just people who don't have any success going there (man or woman.)  Dating Apps widen the inequality between those who can slay and those who cannot.  >Never said that. They're good manipulators, and much of the "wife-beater" part comes out once the abuser has successfully manipulated and isolated their victim so they have no way out. Not sure what you're trying to say here.  "They're good manipulators" so they have bad personality.  Well there you go, people get into relationship despite having bad personality.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpaugs/im_so_tired_of_the_phrase_one_day_it_will_happen/
Because if that shit happens when I'm 35 or closer to 40. I'm blowing my fucking brains out.
Once you get close to my age (47) people don't say that to you anymore.  What they say is, "there's still time."
I hate that toxic positivity attitude, that's just being ignorant with a smile on your face
Can we add "It will happen when you're least expecting it" and "Stop trying so hard and it will just happen." Doesn't work like that for everyone unfortunately.
If someone has to use the phrase on you, guess what? It ain’t happening. Not for you, not for any of us.
Oh god I know. I fucking know.
Reminds me of the saying "The best is yet to come".  I can't stand that either.
"One day it'll happen"  Yes, one day I'll die and it will be the best day of my life.
I know a couple 40yo virgins and the one advice they always give me is, "don't expect it to happen, do everything you can to better your chances" and that's a better advice any normies has given me   Never take advice from people that have never been in your situation
Semi-related, but I hated the phrase "Best four years of your life" to describe college. It wasn't. Some of the worst years of my life.
Providing false hope in a state of constant suffering is a form of abuse.
Yes.... just live and wait for titles at the end, hidden scene and... darkness
Listen to “How soon is now” by the Smiths
It'll never happen.
it will get better dont worry nah motherfucker it obviously wont
Those people are perfect examples of blind optimism
It was never going to happen to begin with.
[removed]
If they say, "please die already", you'd still get tired of it.
How old are you?
im not trying to be toxic or anything but why not workout? its more straight forward. If you follow the workout plan, you will gain muscle. i have never heard of a guy that is lean not finding a relationship.  thats my advice. Work hard to get a lean body. fixing your personality is confusing and difficult path. for alot of people, we don't even know where to begin. making your personality better feel difficult and unclear. workout is more straight forward. lift weights, eat the right food. repeat for a year or two, and done. now you look hot af body wise and you will get attention.  you still need to better yourself as a person and fix your flaws, but that's is much easier to do when you aren't feeling the weight of rejection and loneliness on your shoulders.
How the fuck do you have the balls to continue? Like seriously bud, how?
That's a larger issue than Forever Alone but I agree that oftentimes people have this toxic positivity attitude with unfounded optimism and denying all the trouble in the world. For all the things wrong with 2020 at least people were acknowledging that we had a bad situation and not having so much toxic positivity.
Yes but tbh it is really impossible for a normal person to understand your struggle.
You know what's really toxic? Saying you will kill yourself just because you can't find somebody.
Seriously, people who say that have no idea. You *have* to try hard, especially if you're not attractive or you're "weird". You have to go above and beyond to make yourself not only seem normal, but enticing to other people. If you don't, people immediately assume you're a creep or they laugh at the idea of dating you.  I'd fucking know. A coworker of mine was apparently checking me out when I tied my hair back one shift (and this was when I was regularly going to a gym, ate right, took care of myself etc, my peak form), not realizing it was me. When she realized who it was she was mortified, as if not thinking I was a joke is something to be embarrassed of... and she was a nice person and we were on friendly terms, can't imagine how other girls would feel...
For me too. Worse than high school.
Same
27, It just that every year that passes that phrase is becoming grating.
[deleted]
What's the alternative?  All life is about enduring anyway, the only difference between one person and the next is what they are enduring.
You just do. Non-existence is never preferable to existence. Otherwise life in the universe wouldnt exist.
Because, believe it or not, sex isn't as important as our monkey brain tells us it is
Ain't everyone free to do as they please with their own body? Regardless of whether their reasons will be understood or accepted, because their reasons don't need to be understood or accepted in first place.
Ouch, that is the worst possible hit to ones selfesteem i can imagine.... my condolences   I had the lighter version of it: overhearing the conversation with the general tone of „don’t talk to him unless u absolutely need to“.  Both versions are horrible ways to find out how u are seen by the others.
In just one or two years you won't hear that anymore.
I wish you luck, but I myself can't imagine. People want to say, "One day things will happen" but it doesn't work like that! You have to be with a person with a while to really know them, and sometimes it doesn't work out, it's a growing and learning experience and people act like there's so much time in there world!!!   WELL THERE ISNT! We should have learned these things about ourselves as teens, and young adults, but I feel like I'm starting so late that I may never get it right. Time flies, but they don't tell that it picks up pace every fucking year!
Is it really not preferable though?
Even companionship. This isn't about sex. It's about being in isolation, being in it longer than covid, and being the background character of your own life.
Neither is air, until you are not getting any.
[deleted]
Its not worth finding out.
The problem with thinking like this is what happens if they cheat, or abuse, or break up or divorce. Everyone has to be able to live alone
Yes, because people literally drop dead from not having sex.
Wait... you're not the 47 year old guy? Shit my bad .3.
As long as people are hooked up to machines, they won't drop dead from lacking air either.  Here's the thing, they would only be surviving, not living.  Likewise, people without companions and sex are merely surviving, not living.
If you cut off someone's air supply, their body will quite literally shut down because they can no longer supply their vital organs with oxygen and they will die. Not having sex won't literally cause your body to cease functioning. You can't equate these two things.
As I said, they can be hooked up to machines.  They will survive, but that is not living.  As for "not having sex won't literally cause your body to cease functioning", I think those who killed themselves due to isolation from lock-downs might disagree.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kphvi4/i_found_out_about_this_server_at_19_im_25_this/
Even though I was lurking around here 5 years ago, I still believed that somehow I would get a girlfriend over the next few years when I was in my early 20's. I mean most people do right? When seeing those posts of those who were 25 or 30 in here back when I was in my late teens and early 20's I really thought that just wouldn't be me and something was bound to happen. Now that I'm just around the corner to this becoming a reality.     The worst thing is that  it's I really can't understand why. I mean I've managed to do a lot in these last 5-6 years, I've graduated from medical school and have a good job, I've saved up a reasonable chuck of money, I've managed to get in shape, I've taught myself another language and I have a good circle of friends and go out to social type events at least once every week or two so it's not like I can say I just never get exposed to any girls, just they never seem to be interested in me in anything more than a friendship way. Because of this I can't even give any advice as to what I would do differently if I could go back in time and it's depressing as I can't really see anything changing by the time I turn 25, or even getting a repeat of these last 5 years and actually hitting the 30 year old mark.      It's sad cuz I am content with every aspect of my life but the fact that I haven't managed to get a girlfriend seems to just nullify everything, especially when I see that people my age are starting to get engaged or married and even some moving on to having kids.      Anyway yea I hope the rest of you younger guys don't end up like me, though I can't provide any advice as to how to avoid that.
[deleted]
I’m in the same position as you my friend. Except I’m a few years older. All you can do is keep going forwards with your life and keep looking to improve yourself. Hopefully then everything works out for both of us :)
Yes, if you have opportunities in dating and yoy simply don't take them, because they aren't up to your standards. You are not forever alone, you are just picky .. there are literally people here who would die just to even have that option.
How do you have time to learn a new language and can save up money if you are a resident? What residency did you match into after med school?
At the same time, if he doesn't want to lower his standards, it'd be a disservice to the girls if he forced himself to go out with them if he didn't find them attractive. That being said, just a few years ago, I probably wouldn't go out with a girl I wasn't already into. Nowadays, if a girl was into me, I'd at least give her a chance to see if attraction builds over time.
[deleted]
You're right I can't say no one was ever interested in me. I did have maybe 1 or 2 opportunities to get a GF in my life, but unfortunately I just wasn't attracted to them. In the last few years since I have posted here my mindset has changed a lot and I really would take just about any opportunity I can get now, but unfortunately nothing has come up again in these last years. At the time I last posted here I felt that it was not unreasonable to expect at least something around what I could offer, but over the last few years I have just wanted to find someone I am attracted to, whether that is on their personality, looks or both. However I am beginning to feel even that is unreasonable at this point.     I understand though that there are people who have never had anyone interested in them, and I am sorry to hear that this has happened for you. But I guess at the end of the day I've still been alone for nearly 25 years and  am behind where the majority of people are at at my age and can't help but feel depressed about it.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpohyh/shes_gone/
We've been talking for a week, we met on Yubo, shes only an hour away. She was so nice and said so many things to me, we had so much in common, we were planning to meet up in a few months when it was warmer out, she gave me a nickname on messenger, and now she's blocked me and won't respond on Yubo. I don't know what I did wrong, shes one of the few people I have had a meaningful conversation with in the last year, and now she won't talk to me, and Im not sure what to do.  Edit: To that third comment, I can't see what you wrote. Sorry
Sorry bro, you didn't do anything wrong. She found someone else. It's usually how this sort of thing goes.
I’m sorry, I know it’s cold comfort but I had the same thing happen to me many years ago, and that was before the internet was a major thing, 1995, 96.   For good or ill I never tried after that, and still won’t.
She oculd just be AVPD/BPD and freaking out over getting vulnerable to being hurt lots of girls are like this OP and it is sad for everyone involved.   Did you not do anything  weird I can only imagine the sadness you feel right now OP <3
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpn6fs/my_advice_on_making_friends_be_willing_to/
I don’t know that I’m qualified to give advice on how to make friends, but scrolling through this subreddit made me feel like sharing so I can hopefully help. You’ve probably heard it all before but I hope my perspective will help someone.   When I was younger, I would get upset that my sister had lots of friends and would leave me to hang out with them - as many siblings do. I complained about not having friends. “Why is it so easy for her and not for me?” I would ask. He told me one day that “to have friends, you have to be friendly.” Like... thanks Dad that’s soooo helpful (/s). What does that even mean?? Over time it became a little clearer. “What makes a good friend?” I would ask myself. How can I be like the people I see that have a close knit group of friends, or even a ton of acquaintances they jive with?  It dawned on me that I can be shy and slow to warm up to new people, but once I get to know someone or they get to know me? I can be caring, thoughtful, attentive, giving, loving, dare I say funny??... all the things I look for in a friend. These may be different for you.  Step one was being brave enough to get my feelings hurt by being myself around strangers or new people, and then putting myself “out there” again when it didn’t work out. Not everyone I was interested in getting to know reciprocated, but eventually I was able to meet people who share my sense of humor, who enjoy my company, who I can call when I need to talk or vent. And I wanted to be that person for them.  BUT THATS JUST STEP ONE.  Friendships take work. There’s a delicate balance between checking in often and being clingy, or on the flip side giving someone space versus not reaching out enough to maintain the friendship. It can be tough, and everyone has different levels of desire for new friends/relationships.  Everyone has vulnerabilities. Everyone has fears. Everyone has the voice inside that tells them they aren’t good enough, pretty enough, funny enough, etc.  Even the hotties and the popular people, those folks on social media you see with perfect tans, boats, and 7 friends laughing and smiling (I live near a coast). They have insecurities too!!  Thank that voice for keeping you grounded in reality, then shelf that lil bitch and talk to a stranger. Go to church. Join a club. Get in the gym. Get involved in the community! These COVID days, being social is harder than ever, but when it’s safe and you feel comfortable to meet new people, I hope that you will love yourself enough to try again. And again. And again.  I see a lot of the words never and can’t on this sub. Negative thinking is sometimes reality. Your feelings are absolutely valid and I love that there’s a space to connect with other folks in the same situation... but eventually if you want to affect change in your relationships (or lack thereof) you have to look inward and see what work you can do on yourself to either become “more friendly” (whatever that means to you) and take more chances, be willing to be hurt. When you open that door and it gets slammed shut? Try another. When you get tired of trying? You’re no worse off than before, and you may have learned something about yourself or other people that’s will make the next attempt easier or more successful.  I didn’t mean to give a full Ted Talk, but I hope this helps. Definitely my opinion, I’m not the relationship guru y’all so please be nice if you disagree. We’re all in search of love and acceptance and I sincerely hope you all find it ❤️
I don't have a lot of friends because I'm pretty introverted. Seven friends, ten friends don't really matter. You'll know who your real friend is when you're sick in bed. If you are you, then you will truly know who is precious to you. It goes both ways. You don't have to go out and just be one of them just to justify of having friends. The only thing you need to do is be choosy.
I'm too boring and useless to get hurt, need some minimum level of interaction to get hurt in the first place rather than just ignored lol
Solid advice.
Yeah sure bro just go to church because surely I get along great with the religious and socially conservative. Yeah bro all those clubs out there just waiting for me to join them, except this isn't an anime HS or College, nothing is open or available and when they were, it was primarily family/kid/women only centered events.      These are hollow platitudes that are used to make yourself feel superior or better because you think this is brilliant advice that no one here has ever said or suggested before.
Why would anyone with a brain want to be willing to be hurt?
Totally agree. I am a “maximizer” (Clifton Strengths) so I prefer to have a small, close knit group I develop rather than having a ton of friends. You should definitely choose your circle wisely, as they can influence who you become as a person.
I don’t think anyone is too “anything” to get hurt. But being boorish is easily correctable, you have the internet! Find your passion. Find other people that do that. Profit? Lots of ways to get connected are free or low cost.
I mean I gave the disclosure at the outset that I didn’t feel qualified to share but was hoping to help people. Thanks for your feedback.
A quote from Theodore Roosevelt: “Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty… I have never in my life envied a human being who led an easy life. I have envied a great many people who led difficult lives and led them well.”
It's just frustrating to me, you seriously don't think nobody has ever considered any of these? I can't tell you how many times I see people here that went out there and did their best; got a nice paying job, financial stability, their own place(or even their own home), nice car, went to the gym, went out and tried meetups or any sort of community activities and they STILL failed. They still couldn't get a date to save their life, they still couldn't find real friends.     How do people that are in poverty or stuck in wage slave jobs supposed to do any better?     Maybe there is a systemic or societal problem to loneliness and isolation among men? No? Yeah, guess not, status-quo is fine and it's just our personalities or attitudes that need fixing. Let's never question anything ever.
Yes, they're called exceptional people.   Most people are unexceptional.
There are systemic and societal problems that contribute to loneliness, no doubt. I don’t have any advice on how to address those, nor do I believe a Reddit post on a relatively obscure sub would fix them.  I’m sorry you are lonely and that folks here have to try so hard to form relationships. I thought my perspective on how I overcame loneliness and made friends would help someone. That someone is obviously not you.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpfffj/stop_fucking_lying/
How does "I had a crush on you too" go to "honestly I've only ever seen you as a friend?" What was the point of I guess getting my hopes up. I keep saying that people are always scared of me. Literally, after high-school people said they were only friends with me because they thought I was a school shooter. I don't know why. I was/am goofy, I look goofy, I volunteer at food banks and the ASPCA, I operate my own cat sanctuary. I guess I don't necessarily like people, probably because of how I was treated, maybe thats the problem. Why do they keep lying to me? What do they think I'll do. I want to be loved, I would never force anyone to love me back or hold anything over them. I don't get it. How can we get close and then immediately distance themselves. Why not just be honest? Why would you want someone to think you like them? If you thought someone was scary or creepy, why make them think they weren't? All you have to do is say no. Not play with someone's heart strings.
Your sexual attractiveness affects a wide range of social interactions beyond simply getting sex. Before they interact with others directly, people form perceptions of others based on indirect observations, including your physical appearance.   If they perceive you as weak and unattractive, then they begin to fill in the blanks with other negative personality traits without bothering to find out if that's true. What's worse, most people will blindly convince themselves that these assumptions are correct by trying to twist reality to fit them so they don't have to deal with the fact that they were wrong.   I've struggled with this my entire life. The only advice I have to give is put forward as many positive traits as you can and hope for the best.
>I volunteer at food banks and the ASPCA, I operate my own cat sanctuary.  You are a legend. Keep fighting the fight, king.
[deleted]
[removed]
It can be hard to know if you do, especially if you're autistic. People just make those hurtful assumptions and you may never know.
Shit dude, I got told by another classmate she'd expect me to be the next unibomber. All I did in class was read books, sleep, and mind my friggen business.   I've never been conventionally handsome, I had long hair and a scraggly dusting of facial hair I was trying to grow (ten years too soon, I can grow a solid beard, now) so I bet anything it was just "Oh he's ugly and quiet, must be a psychopath." It doesn't take much for some people to judge you.
That is one of the worst sentences i have ever read.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kq0hlp/best_place_for_meeting_people/
Hi guys, I have 18 yo and live in Mexico, I tend to be a social person but with this pandemic I have been feeling very lonely and depressed. I cutted with my gf right before quarantine started and then I met another girl of my neighborhood but things went from 100 to shit. So I miss to talk with somebody, real talk, no texting. Do you know an online site where I could do this without having a thousands of dick in front ? Sorry for my English, cheers from México
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kprfmm/a_nice_respite_from_the_inevitable_truth/
I knew I wouldn't die naturally since I was 13. Didnt rate my chances of finding anyone much higher.  Met someone where I work and we hit it off. First relationship since I left uni five years before. The relationship grew from strength to strength (or so I thought) and we made it work through Covid. Were both key workers so time together was limited.   When we started talking about how many bedrooms our first house should have and what her favourite kids names were I had managed to convince myself that maybe my future wasn't as set in stone as I thought.   After nearly 2 years together she texted me out of the blue saying she didn't want a relationship with me (her words) and even though I had been great and attentive she just didn't love me anymore. The same reason for every single one of my break ups. There's no problem with me, I'm just apparently unlovable.  I hate my job. I justified it to myself that it was worth it to meet her, and if my professional life has ground to a halt at least my personal life was happy and progressing.  Cant help but think whats the point in this utter farce any more. What exactly is the point in delaying the inevitable any longer
This seems like lowkey suicide ideation. Please reach out for help.   If that is the case, I would strongly recommend you to crosspost this on r/SuicideWatch.
I posted on r/suicidewatch two weeks ago. I took it down before replying here. I wrote part of my Dissertation on the mathematical correlations and patterns of human behaviour and how in practice our future actions can be predicted by our reactions in our past. I am good at my subject. Its a wonder how im stuck wiping arses for minimum wage. The chances of my own predictionschanging are small. I'm confident in my end.  I had settled in a comfortable numbness to wait out the inevitable. I was chucked four momths ago, it has yet to return and I doubt it will.
I did post on r/suicidewatch, no answer
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kplb4c/i_am_all_alone_everyone_i_loved_left_me/
I don't know why it's me, I have no social life and I hate it. I had a good friends circle before this pandemic thing but now I am all alone, I left their friendship because I realised they are really selfish and toxic. I found reddit and started making friends here, most of them Ghosted me! Few I really loved talking tk just left due to personal issues! A few days ago a girl I really like talking to left for the same reason. I also got some pets (2 parakeets) to feel less lonely but 1 of them died a week later  suddenly and the other flee away. I have been all alone now, no friends, no social skills, nothing. I don't have anyone except my parents. I am fed up. What should I do??
Some ppl are not supposed to be in your life for a long time. When they leave or when you leave, know that it’s in your best interest.... I think you have to learn to enjoy your own company. Sometimes we do need someone to talk to though, social media is a great place for that. Even if it’s not a super deep conversation.  I think it just seems like ppl are leaving you left and right because these instances all happened around the same time.
I went through pretty much the same thing, except for the birds. My advice there is get a lower maintenance pet, like a cat.   If the people you were hanging out with were not friends, then it's better to cut them out of your life rather than stay involved with them. Making new friends can be difficult, especially at an older age, but keep in mind that those new friends won't be the same as your old ones. That's kind of the point, you don't want to ditch selfish people for other selfish people.   Maybe it's the differences in their personalities that are making it difficult for you to form lasting relationships?
That's tough buddy.
It depends on how much effort you put on a convo. If you don't put too much effort, they will go away.
If they were selfish and toxic were they really ever your friends?
Yeah, I think that to the same cuzz I am from Asia, far away from the western culture, we don't really vibe mostly and yeah thanks the the advice :)
I realised that they were selfish when this pandemic started
Also just to mention bc someone posted about this but it’s a pandemic so everyone is going through some shit to an extent. I’ve been bad about reaching out to people lately.   are they just not reaching out or is it something a little more in depth?
[${URL}] https://i.imgur.com/pV1uWFc.png

Honest question, does anyone of you actually believe that you eventually get into a relationship in the futue or atleast lose your virginity ? Because i don't think that i will
Tbh I'm not expecting it, but we never know what could happen.    I think what deters me a ton now from trying to find a relationship is the fact that everyone says "Don't look for someone" but then how does that pan out? You have to do some form of pining/flirting to get going with a relationship.  A partner isn't just going to fall out of the sky for me.  That's crazy thinking.
Well, at least I have a good excuse for not having found a girlfriend this year. And next year probably.
Can I have Daisy as a girlfriend?
Only 9 years? Those are rookie numbers, I've had a bad luck streak for nearly 40 years.
~~2022~~  ~~2023~~  ~~2024~~  ~~2025~~  ~~2026~~  ~~2027~~  ~~2028~~  ~~2029~~  ~~2030~~  ~~2031~~
I'll be 26 in March. I think I'm never gonna find love. Someone will marry me because my parents and the world wants that and then we will be in a bond for the sake of it. I hate god for making me pathetic for anyone. 😔
At least I can use the pandemic as an excuse for 2020-2021.
I wish but after being single my whole life, I've kinda just accepted it's the way I'll be. Or that it'll be another 5-10 years before I meet anybody
I have a better chance of getting struck by lightning
She's cute lol
Damn, it’s 2021 and I’m still a virgin; 25 years old here, 5’4, male, on the chubby side (I weight 152 lbs) and I’m starting to think that I’ll be a 40 year old virgin in the future who can’t catch up with time.  And maybe, I’m just meant to be lonely...and alone.  I tried courting women, best believe I had the best intentions for them cuz I’m looking for a serious relationship not just sex. But every time I confess that I like them they always tell me that “we’re better off as friends” or “you’re a great guy but I’m not into you”. Same shit, different day. The thing is, if you’re ugly - you ain’t getting shit. Not even a relationship, so yeah cheers for virgin losers like me who’ll end up alone when we get old.  So lesson learned kids: Don’t confess to someone unless you want to be slapped in the face with a harsh reality that no one wants you.
Hahaha. I thought this was an ad.   Nope. Just another reminder that I suck.
Daisy, I love you, but I can’t take these lies every year anymore.
Oh sodd off ! I am tired of this now.
2020 was good to me, I found the love of my life.
Not funny.
[deleted]
maybe, I might have ascended far enough. But I got laughed at and made fun of when I approached. I almost got in to big trouble for just looking at women. I am scared to even like look at women at this point. Even if I do manage to find someone, what do I like talk with her about?
I say talk to/ hit on every single girl you find attractive this year. Fuck it. Why not, right? The worst that can happen is their boyfriend and friends beat you to death. At least then you won’t have to live alone; you’ll just be dead. So, fuck it. Keep grinding. Keep pushing for some kind of result. The best way to get good at something is to keep doing it, and doing it, and doing it. You know how a katana is forged? It’s beaten and beaten until all its impurities are gone. The worst thing to say to someone is, “good job” because then, they have no reason to strive for absolute greatness. Fuck what everyone else says, fuck what you tell yourself, keep, keep, keep, KEEP on talking to girls. It fucking HAS to work in your favor eventually. If 1 out of 100 doesn’t work, make it 1 out if 1,000, 1 out of 100,000, 1 out of a fucking billion. We can do this.
I already found one, she just doesn't know it yet :-)  Honestly not as creepy as it sounds!
I will cut that 1 in advance
Come hell or high water, I'm going to have a very nice woman by my side, this year.
Absolutely not. Too damaged, too useless, too many red flags.
I sincerely doubt it, but I know someone who was struck by lightning twice so who knows.
I am hopeful for the future
It'll happen y'all. You'll find someone if you keep putting yourself out there. Even if .1 % of the world finds you attractive you probably know someone who does.
Me: https://youtu.be/E71Dlf4ccXQ
Reported for Targeted harrasment/bullying. /s
Not me. Been trying for three months and get ghosted every time I show interest
That fucking girl lmao
don't give up! you all got this!
Is that you in picture? If it is I can't see why you can't get a date or someone to talk with you.
I don't believe I will.  If it were possible, it would have happened already.
I might lose my virginity to a prostitude in the near future. But i genuinely doubt i will ever find someone i'm compatible with.
I’m ugly   So the answer is no
No, there is no reason any SO would choose me over literally anyone else.
It happened to me. I just had to find a person that had several extreme mental illnesses and no standards.
I don’t really want a relationship with anyone, nor do i want to lose my virginity, i just want some genuine friends
Finding someone who will be by my side is just myth.
That ship sailed ages ago
Relationship is up in the air. No one's ever shown serious interest and I'm not getting any prettier. I'll probably get a few hookers before my time is up though.
Nope. Damaged goods at this point, it's a catch-22. I'm too old.
No, and i dont get how all the other answer can write these blocks of text.
I don’t even know if I still believe. But that last gram of hope refuses to die.
Nope. No hope in sight.
You never know what the future may hold. I think most people on this subreddit will find someone eventually. I'm very hopeful.  Edit: I want to add that it's easier said than done. I realize that no one would be on this subreddit if it were that easy. Please don't lose hope. There's someone out there for you.
I'm just aiming for an online LDR at this point
I won’t make that mistake again I’ll tell ya what
Maybe one day. Personnaly i don't want to lose my virginity anymore fuck the society and his pression with this.   I just want to find someone to love share things learn new things and other stuff.
The only thing I can be sure of is that I will lose my virginity some time in the next 5 years because I won't allow myself to make it to 25 carrying the burden of being a virgin so I will hire a hooker  Now, about getting into a relationship, I don't think that will ever happen to me
I know I might get downvoted for being honest with myself when replying, but I eventually did actually luck out and have my first relationship 2 1/2 years ago and had lost my virginity. It was a completely random encounter, just bumped into a girl I had met previously who thought I was kinda cute, but given how fickle luck is, it ran out after a year.  Now since then I've been left shattered in a bunch of different pieces. I've done my best to glue it all back together, but instead of glue it's just clumsily taped together. Ever since then, I've had 0 girls interested in me, only two hookups a year after the breakup. It got severely harder and even more crippling to my mental health since, and the "friends" I surround myself with are of no help, in fact a few of them had found someone in the time that I remained a broken man who finished out school.   Fast forward to now, any prospects I've previously had pre-pandemic are a complete no go. Every girl I could have developed something with are taken and it's just getting worse to the point where I genuinely believe that I'm just fated to be single forever regardless on how I reinvent myself, I just can't see it ever happening again.
I tried Tinder and I got some Matches, they are ugly af (just like me lol) so I guess that is a  possibility
[deleted]
Well you know, what works for normal people aren't applicable to us.  They don't have to actively search because they get invited to event X then hit it off with somebody.  A partner does fall out of the sky for them.  We don't have that luxury.
“Don’t look for people” is nonsense if your love life is a priority. At least you have to put yourself in social situations where you might find someone.
Meanwhile, I know people who paired up because of the pandemic.
You'd have to deal with John Boyega creeping outside her window yelling "Rey" constantly
That would be the dream
Na, I have another ten years on top of those nine if we start counting from the time when I was a teenager.  You are not counting from the time you were born, right?
Yes.  Daisy knows what's up, which is why she is conserving the remaining blank space.
So 2032 is your year ?
Na, I personally know people who paired up because of the pandemic.
Ain’t the only one with this luck, have ya tried the lottery? 🤣 I heard it has better chances then the both of us combined in finding a gf.
Lol I can relate to this
I am happy for you!!
Yes, I'm sure God will grant you a girlfriend while he's killing children with cancer.
I don't think God comes around these parts much
[removed]
[deleted]
Thats plain ignorant as to why this subreddit exists.... the ppl here have mostly only experienced a near 100% rejection rate overall outside their families (god be merciful they aren’t included). And this rate didn’t improve over multiple years or decades even. It is damn hard to believe in success if you constantly lose the lottery.
Need to check your math, 0.1% combined with "probably" meaning something like 90% odds would seem to imply the average FA knows around 10K women.  I would say when I was early 20s and FA I know almost exactly 7 women all married coworkers (well one was engaged and got married while I worked there, but whatever).  So your estimate of how many women I knew is only 9993 too large compared to reality.  But what's a factor of a thousand among friends LOL?  Another way of looking at those numbers is if I had to get rejected by 10K girls to have excellent odds of meeting one who doesn't immediately reject me, if I got shot down by ten women every friday night at the bar, I'll get a first date roughly every 19.2 years.  Fairly likely I'd only get 3 or so dates in an entire lifetime of expensive heavy drinking, which seems pretty rotten odds.
Lies.
That's Daisy Ridley.
Lol
what
LOL she was in the awful star wars movies.  Her demographic is for the very young.  Lets just say she was born the weekend I was supposed to attend senior prom LOL.
Don't do that you deserve better when i was younger i wanted to do that to but this is bad idea. How can you be proud of your self after this ?
"Some people" would be much more accurate
If we are here it's our fault we can improve all day. Just saying im bad and do nothing to change it's easy.   Search about your life what you can and want to improve (i say this for everyone)
No, there isn't.
No don’t do it
At least get a real escort
thats somehow worse than being alone
Dude. You have to *seek out* social interaction, then *make an effort* to socialize/meet others/form connections. It’s hard work. And it often doesn’t yield results right away. You have to be resilient and continue to make an active effort to make this kind of thing happen.
I know, right? It's like I'm invisible.
The differences between our lives and those of normal people never fail to amaze me.
My friend had a girl crush on him during this lockdown. She asked a mutual friend for his number. He literally used to obsess over her but after finding out she likes him, he feels she's "easy".  It's really heartbreaking when I realize how life is for normal people. This is just something casual to him, but if I had a girl confess to me tomorrow I'd marry her. Life is so different.
No, just from the first time I fell in love.  edit: That was in '82, so 39 years and counting.
Ngl she looks super cute in that picture.
I should try the lottery but knowing my luck I'd win, then get struck by lightning
thank u
[deleted]
No proof that God exists. It's like a child who believes Santa is real.
I was rejected north of 10 time before I got my first who asked me out, and my second and third followed. Only after I changed a lot about myself. Note that I'm still awful looking and didn't even lose the extra weight I have. Still dress the same exact way.
.1% is one in 1000. The average amount of people one would have to know is less than that number
Ok thanks
Well, I'll meet you halfway. Some people on this subreddit will find someone. But I still believe most people on this subreddit have some capacity to find someone eventually.
I agree.  Well said, my friend.
How do you know?
I think I "get it" now. In my life, I thought because of my good looks and personality, that people would be drawn to me, and I am NOT conceited at all or vain. I am a very low key guy, not shy, but more reserved, shall I say. But I have no choice now, and I'm giving my best to interact, and hopefully it should work now.
Ikr. Those who don't go through what we go through each day don't realise what they have is a blessing, not some normal thing.
Oh man.  Was there an occasion where you genuinely got close to escaping?  What kept you from roping?
She always does. Not the hottest woman out there but still hella cute.
Can you prove that he doesn't exist?
Good news bros, you all just got girlfriends because I made a math error. (supposed to be a LOL)  Seriously OP I do think you are correct I need to review my statistics.
From having lived through the last 40 years.  Unlike you saying there is someone for everyone which is plainly false and unprovable.
Agree, for people like us who has social anxiety or just plain awkward af it’s hard for us to “act right” in front of someone we like and most of the time they will reject us because they find us weird or whatever. I wonder what’s it like to be loved tho because all my life; no one would have me.
A couple of years later there was a girl who repeatedly asked me to be her boyfriend but I found her annoying and I was still in love with the first girl, so I wouldn't.
What do you mean she isn’t objectively the most beautiful and sexiest woman alive?!
She did not look very attractive in the movies, oddly enough.  Almost every IRL photo of her looks better than her best movie snapshots.
One cannot prove negative.
You say that my claim is unproven, but your claim is unproven as well. You don't know what the future holds. Those 40 years are in the past now. The past does not equal the future.
That is in and of itself a negative statement, just saying
Yes, but my claim is only about my life.  You are attempting to make a claim about other people's lives.  So it is other people that you are deceiving.
Deceiving who? Most people didn’t even agree with what I said, so who was deceived?   And can you see into the future? How do you know there isn't someone for you? All you can do is talk about the past 40 years. It's in the past. Stop living in the past and maybe you can find the person for you. There's someone for you out there, but you have to want to find them.
Again, you are completely invalidating the experience of all the people who lived their lives without ever finding love.
I'm not. I believe their struggles. I just believe you shouldn't let your past failures dictate your present circumstances. You can find someone if you want.  Edit: You're problem is that you keep living in the past. You've completely given up and lost hope. The truth is, you don't want to find anyone. You're not willing to change yourself or your mindset. There's no one for you because you don't want anyone. You're in your 40s, you need to man up and stop being a coward.
"Man Up".  You're joking, right.  Ok, tough guy. Hahahahaha.
Whatever, man. You're just trolling anyway. I don't see how you can live with such a pessimistic mindset. I just can't understand how giving up is okay for you. Don't you want to get better and find someone?
There is no such thing as getting better for me.  I'm 45 and never even held hands with a woman.  It's over for me.  There is no cure for my conditions.
I'm trying to tell you that it's not true. It's not over until a person is dead. You can still change as long as you're alive. I really believe that. You should keep trying. I know there a attractive traits that you have, even if you don't want to acknowledge them. You definitely have something to bring to the table and you seem to be a good guy. There are women out there who need a guy like you.
Some people are just born broken.  I'm one of them.  I have nothing that women couldn't get from better guys who aren't broken.  They know it and I know it.  Nobody needs me.  Trust me on that.
Broken things can be fixed. The same goes for broken people, they can be fixed. I understand that you've been through some very difficult things, but you can move beyond it, if you want.  No one is better than you on a human level. Just because someone has more money or better looks doesn't mean that they are better than anyone else. There is only one you. As an individual, there are certain things that you can offer that no one else can. (I can't tell you what those things are since I don't know you on a personal level, I'm sorry)  There are women, especially younger women, who like older guys who are in their 40s and 50s.  You have more to offer than you think. I wish you could see that. There is hope for you, no matter how much you try to deny it.
No, they can't.  That's why we have garbage cans.  Completely disagree.  My value is zero because nobody wants me.  I'm like an item on ebay that never gets any bids.  Yeah, right.  Hope is a disease.
Victim complex at its finest.  If a woman liked you (and I'm sure some women have), you probably wouldn't even notice due to your poor self-image.  Maybe one day you'll decide to leave the pity party behind and live life to its fullest.
You don't have to believe me.  It doesn't matter.
I do believe you and I believe in you. But if you say it doesn't matter, then I guess it doesn't.
Believing in me is useless.  My parents made that mistake also.
They just want what's best for you. Your parents want to see you happy. If your parents believed in you, you should believe in yourself. You should do it for them if you can't do it for yourself.
That would like believing in the Detroit Lions to win the Super Bowl.  They are blinded by love.
So if they love you, why don't you try to love yourself? (That was a good analogy by the way, very creative.)
No, because there must be something horribly wrong with me.  Women have fallen in love with rapists, murderers and pedophiles.  Somehow I am less worthy of love than those people.  Women know something about me that I am unable to percieve about myself.
There is nothing wrong with you. Throughout this conversation, you've portrayed yourself as a normal (and fairly intelligent) man. You aren't less worthy. You're just an average guy like me and most men. But you've been struggling with this for such a long time that you think you aren't normal when you really are normal.   How about all of the single guys who aren't rapists or murderers? Besides, do you think highly of a woman who would date a pedophile or rapist? Do you really think that's a high quality woman?  Women perceive your self-hatred. It repells them. If you don't love yourself, you cannot be loved (in a romantic sense) by a woman. It's literally impossible. I'm not saying that women will just magically gravitate toward you if you love yourself, but it's a first step in the right direction.  This thread is getting long. Inbox me if you want to keep talking.
No, thanks.  One of the good things about being abnormal is you learn to be alone.
Well, learn that you don't have to be alone if you don't want to be alone. I'm trying to be here for you, as much as an internet stranger on Reddit can be. My inbox is open if you change your mind. If not, I wish you the absolute best.
Everyone's alone in their heart.  That's why normal people try to couple up as much as possible to hide it.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpgb74/22/
I turned 22 recently and my life is just going away from me. I am so lonely and depressed. I think of suicide often but I can’t put myself to commit it, especially in my home with my family. I am closeted and have never been with anyone. My feelings about my sexuality battle between disgust and wanting to experience love. I look at straight couples and get so jealous that they are normal. No one has ever wanted me. I never has a girlfriend and I know my family looks down on me about it. If only they could know how deeply I hate for myself for the feelings I have inside. It’s just utter repulsion that has been taught to me that can’t leave my head. I only have one friend who barely texts me, which makes me feel even worse. Things just don’t look good for me. I just wanted to get this off my chest.
I will say a prayer for you, friend. ❤️ (Ps. I love the username!)
Yeah, I have always felt bad for gay men/women .. I mean young heterosexual men/women have it hard enough, but being a closeted young gay man/woman, I mean that's a lot of strikes to work against.  Wishing you the best, hope you find your love.
Man same age with you then. If you wanna have a chat I'm down for that.
im just a person, but support :)
Hang in there man. I was a kissless virgin until I was 22 years old. You still have time!
So many posts i realte to, sometimes i just feel like the perfect stereotype.  I get you, its hard, especially with covid. Hang in there. There is many ways to be happy while being alone.
Well, wait till you’re my age, going on 40.
Thank you
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpbt5o/everyone_is_growing_except_me/
I am 26 years old  Don't have a education or a full time job  Living with my mom  Have no friends anymore since my only contact disappeared one year ago  Have to wear an stupid glas eye, as if i haven't it bad enough in life  I probably have Anhedonia, since nothing excites me anymore  My family is a pack of low life trash and my brother bullied me since i was 12  I feel disconnected to my surroundings   I feel like i am living in the wrong country but can't do anything about it because money  And i am obviously a loser virgin       All those problems are stopping me from growing, i can't look at my former classmates without getting sad. Everyone matured in some way, some have money, a good job, a place to live without their parents.  Shit, some are married with kids.   I probably end up being a major failure in life, death can't come soon enough.   sry for my english, if anyone had trouble reading this
The only thing growing about me is my waistline.
youre probably sick of advice, because honestly? for some it may work, and im not saying advice is bad, but at the same time people saying "one day you will find someone" etc. doesnt really mean... you will magically find some godly selfless caring person tomorrow.  i feel you.  im this random guy, sitting in a discord server with my two alts, playing conversations in my head, burying myself in games. Sometimes real life feels fake and its my virtual one that feels real.   dont know if you want a random stranger as a contact, but if you ever want to, poke me. throw a message asking about the meanings of life and opinions on cats. ill try my best?
The only thing growing for me is rage, hatred, and despair.
Sending my love to you. Everything will be okay just keep your head up
Nothing excites me anymore too. I even see hot girls and don't feel a shit, probably my mind is becoming more realistic.
Eye patches look badass on some people . I’ve started taking a small amount of kratom everyday. For a few hours I actually feel good. Gives me the energy to clean my “nest”. Changed my life.
I feel you
Hang in there. Things will get better.
Thx, i will keep it in the back of my mind
I struggle with that too, i have so much anger inside of me that i get pissed of for no reason
Bro, 26 years of constant failure!!!! Nothing at this point will get better
You can succeed. Just come up with some small daily tasks that will allow you to have little victories. Like “I’m going to wake up early and walk a mile tomorrow”.   Accomplishing little stuff sometimes gives the self-esteem a boost.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpw6dv/could_someone_just_give_us_a_list_of_popular/
Most people don’t share my interests, but I still want to be able to talk to normal people. However, I want to just keep doing what I like to do instead of wasting time watching movies/shows/sports that I’m not interested in. Therefore, I am wondering if we can start a thread where people can come here from time to time to share significant popular culture talking points so that we can memorize these points and talk to people about common things/entertainment/current events without actually having to watch anything. Based on posts I’ve seen on this subreddit, I’m sure many other people on here are in a similar situation...
> significant popular culture talking points  Its not the 70s anymore.  When gen-x was kids you get three adults in one room and two will be fans of MASH and most likely two watch Threes Company or The Cosby Show or whatever.  Pop culture TV shows had double digit viewership numbers.  Given the collapse of TV and movies, a VERY popular top rated reality TV show will get mid single digit viewer numbers while the country population has at least doubled.  In '86 the cosby show pulled just under 31 million viewers in a country with a population of 240 million so any group of USA humans over seven people likely had two fans of the show.  In '19 the bachelor pulled a record 8 million viewers in a country with a population of 329 million so any group of USA humans over forty two people likely had two fans of the show.  Back in '86 even if you didn't watch the Cosby show you kinda had to pretend you did.  In the 2020s pop culture is utterly dead and any group that fits in a medium size room likely has no shared viewership in common.  Empire Strikes Back pulled $209M in USA sales in 1980, USA population 226 million, Average movie ticket price in 1980 was a bit under $3 call it $2.90, thats about 72 million ticket sales.  Now there are super fans who watched way more than once, but if everyone in the USA watched exactly once, then any time you get more than four USA humans in a group, odds are good two of them watched the empire strikes back and you better know the movie memes to fit in with the normies.  In 2018 it appears Black Panther pulled $700M in USA and canada sales, USA population 327M Canada 38M total 365M, avg ticket price in 2018 was $9.50 according to statistia so a strangely similar 73 million ticket sales.  So you need at least six people in a group before you find two people who watched black panther.  I don't know anyone who saw black panther, no coworkers nobody admits to it, interesting.  Overall the numbers would seem to prove you still should pay attention to movies a little, but TV can be completely ignored as its dead to pop culture, nobody watches TV anymore according to the advertisers.  The average age of a major league baseball fan is around 70.  Other than jocks nobody younger than boomer era watches pro sports anymore.  Sports is dead cross it off your list unless you're trying to pick up GILFs, LOL.  Even in the gym lockerroom the only people talking about pro sports have white or blue hair.  There is a sub-genre where basketball is extremely popular among black people and foreigners are always into soccer.  I think you might want to add podcasts and youtube channels to your pop culture list.  Certainly there are some podcasts with more listeners than most TV shows, although nobody watches TV anymore.  Numerous youtube channels have more viewership than almost all TV shows.  Its kinda crazy that more people watch Direwolf20 stream minecraft than watch some entire TV news networks, LOL.
A safe bet is to just follow major news stories and top Netflix shows.
What are your interests OP?
Pop Culture- www.pajiba.com Current events/politics/entertainment- www.fark.com
To heck with pop culture. I can’t even remember the last time pop culture was even remotely interesting.
Yep, personally i take a min to understand the liked parts of a show (even if i have no interest in watching it) if its very wellknown, but otherwise just knowing the general is a safe bet.
Its entertaining for plenty of people so it fulfills OP's request. It might not be interesting to you but you dont happen to be the majority, right?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpinjb/just_thoughts_after_a_walk_and_im_wondering_if/
Today it was raining and windy and i was going on a walk with my friend, and he is TALL. long legs and fast pace.  During the walk he unintentionally walked a fair distance ahead before realizing, and waited for me. its stupid, but I expected him to match my pace although I clearly know he doesnt have to. he already waited for me.  I feel like the guy who "pushes everyone away and still wants to be loved". or a so called "self centered attention seeking person that expects people to cater to their every whim". or i dont know..  i grew up, and still live in a wonderful environment. im aware that the people around me acknowledge me.  I know that no one is needs to love me. everyone has their own issues to deal with. and i know, ive been told, "its ok to want love and want hugs" everyone around me has been supporting me since i was 7.  but I know that no one is entitled to love me, everyone has their own issues to deal with  dont really know at this point anymore. Im curious, has anyone else had this experience of expecting someone to do something for you when they obviously dont need to at all?
“If you don’t toot your own horn, no one will do it for you.” This is something my grandfather taught me long ago, and I remember it when I’m in scenarios like this. Tell your friend to slow down! Make a joke out of it that you’re too short to keep up if you’re uncomfortable (humor is my go to for awkward situations).  But I will say, if it’s rainy/windy and I’m cold? I’d have been powering as fast as my 5’7” lil body could move lol.   I’m glad you have affirming people in your life. It can be tough, but don’t be afraid to speak up if you need something. Everyone has vulnerabilities and showing yours will make it easier to connect to you for other people as it makes them comfortable enough to be vulnerable as well.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpbc1o/does_anyone_else_feel_like_there_loneliness_makes/
Since I started struggling with my loneliness I find myself increasingly emotional. I feel so emotionally cold and angry and just want to fucking die
Oh absolutely, that is your mind trying to form a wall against it by trying not to care and minimalizing what you do want and are seeking
I have a different effect where I'm just kinda going numb to everything, no happiness no sadness.
Yeah. I understand how people feel dulled and numb due to this, but for me the intense inseperable emotions of frustration, bitterness, and shame with almost every consideration of love has the exact opposite effect. It's like a constant sickness which gives rise to intermittent, intense shocks of emotional pain. Like feeling in that immediate moment that you are more than ready to cry, but have simultaneously swallowed all of your tears. At these moments I can hardly even look at anyone around me.
yes all the time
When it started i cried every night, year's later and i am mostly angry or numb
[deleted]
Yeah doesn't seem like the wall is doing anything
Same its been 3 years and I dont cry every night but most nights I'm just empty and sad and some internal anger
Yes that's how I feel like
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpziur/need_advice/
So I basically I shot my shot on my crush for the first time and got left on read. Normally people would tell me to “move on” but I can’t because she’s genuinely I feel believe I’m sound with. So should I text back idk, maybe like some sort of joke on leaving me on read or something else?😔
You will learn one day that you cant force someone to love you. You did nothing wrong, but you do have to move on. There is nothing but pain left here.
She left you on read because she doesn’t like you if you wanna come off as more pathetic yea text again If I was you I would delete her number and move tf on
True story, when I was 13 or 14 there was a girl I spent a lot of time with and after 8 months we had grown emotionally close and then one day with no explanation she ended it.  Well it tore me up, so much that for a brief time I acted like a real jerk towards her but then I realized that it was wrong and I stopped.  We eventually became friends and never spoke of that time ever again.   The point is that I was able to let go, partly because I had to let go, it was over and that was not going to change and the only thing I was going to end up doing was making myself miserable.
I feel like asking her out over text wasn’t the best move. Asking her out in person is best if you see her often, and doing it over FaceTime is a decent alternative due to COVID.   I get it. I was denied my first kiss a few months back, and there were mixed feelings. I was proud I went for it, but I was also angry and sad that it didn’t work out. I kept asking myself, “Why can’t life just throw me just this one bone?” It sucks, but you need to let yourself feel initially. Then, become stoic and just accept.   If she’s interested, she’ll text back. Don’t text back a second time; I’ve made that mistake. All you can really do is talk to her in person and naturally bring up grabbing coffee or something at the end of a convo. Don’t mention the left on read and don’t show her that it bothered you. If she is wishy washy, move on.
This. +1  Good for you for putting yourself out there. Sorry you didn't get the response you want.
Yeah fair
Fair, thanks a lot
Okay thanks bro❤️
Yeah it is what it is🤷‍♂️
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kp4mci/does_anybody_else_feel_ashamed_for_having_basic/
I hate the fact that I can't control my needs so fucking much. I constantly tell myself that I'm not entitled to kindness, affection, love or pretty much anything that involves other people. I try to focus on other things, meditate, find inner peace, talk to myself and come up with some rational advice when I'm feeling down, but... Damn, it's like convincing yourself that you are not hungry when you can't really remember last time you ate.   And sometimes I can't help thinking that human interactions aren't supposed to be THAT hard. Love and belonging aren't supposed to be unattainable. I want to give up on all this stuff and just move on with my life without thinking that no one will ever care about me, but I simply can't. It feels so humiliating. I hate it. I hate myself.
Definitely. Humans needs social and physical interactions. I feel like most people use gaming, internet, exercise just to fill that void.
I feel guilty for the fact that I take up space and need food, water, shelter, and all the amenities in life which I’m expected to pay for, tbh.
I swear this is me
I dont feel ashamed admitting to myself, but if I had to talk to anyone else about wanting an so it would be pretty excrutiating even though almost everyone does.
I know how you feel 😓
YES.
All the time. It doesn't help that that's exactly the kind of shit we get from normies. Remember that time you were being made fun of for liking a girl in first through third grade? Innocent enough at first glance, but sadly an indication of what was to come.
Yeah. But the thing is – the void doesn't seem to accept substitutions...
Especially for a guy you’d have the incel label launched at you
That is very true. All these activities do is keep your mind and body busy so you’re not thinking about the loneliness.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kp5kqi/i_felt_00003_what_my_friend_has_multiple_times_a/
So, I won't make a whole bible of a story. It was New Years eve, me and my friends were getting wasted. The clock kinda skipped from 1 AM to 5 Am in 20 minutes.  One of my friends had a girlfriend with us, girlfriend that had none of the alcohol and was being impatient.  They had a little fight over going home or staying, either way, his GF got up, went out of the room and my best friend was like "Meh, let her be dramatic". I stood up to go to the bathroom when I ran into her at the kitchen floor kneeling and crying.  &#x200B;  I approached her, took a knee and asked her whats wrong. She was embarrased and got up. I called for her name and she turned. I brought up my arms and she leaned in for a hug. I was pretty wasted then, but I remember how TIGHT the hug felt.  &#x200B;  Either way, It's my only action with a girl in the last...Forever. It's crazy to see how someone recieves this  EVERY DAY, while on my way walking home wasted it's the only thing I could think about. A hug. What about the other things she gets to have with her BF? Hugs? Kisses? Sex?  &#x200B;  It's like being served the best lobster in the world and the moment you take a bite, life smacks you across the face, takes the lobster, smacks you across the face with it 20 times and then leaves.  I really shouldn't have hugged her.  Either way, It's funny how something normal and every day thing is so foreign to people like me. To us.
😂 damn this hit different. Something similar happened to me this new years eve, hung out with 2 friends and their gfs and the feeling of talking to them enjoying a game and laughing was pleasant.
At least you got the hug.  Imagine if that delicious lobster was dangled on a string and yanked away before you could even touch it. That’s my life in a nutshell.
It makes you question what some guys take for granted in life.
I had something pretty similar last year on new years, mine was just a cluster of drunken compliments from my friends gf but I can't forget it. Also this kind of reads like a letter from The Perks of Being a Wallflower, just thought that was interesting.
I feel this hard. One of my close friends is honestly kinda manipulative towards people at times and probably has a body count past ten - he tells me to come socialize but every time I do and see his gf or someone else with theirs I just feel horrible about myself and not being able to find anyone who genuinely cares about me. It's really tough to deal with at times :(
I feel you. I had a small mental breakdown over Christmas. Cuddled, kissed, hugged and even had sex with a girl 2 nights before (my first, but a FWB type arrangement so we don't see each other that often and might even never again). I was feeling ok until I talked to someone about it. How good it felt to hold a girl into my arms... Thinking back on it and speaking those words out loud broke something in me... Hadn't cried in a year...  I'm ok now, but it was like right there and then, I suddenly realized how the things that I always knew I was missing, actually feel... The realization of now knowing the feeling of what others have had for years, decades even... The feelings they must take for granted by now but I never ever got to experience... It's like I knew there was a hole in my life, but now I could suddenly see how deep it actually was...  And I don't even care about the sex, no, strangely that moment where I held her into my arms, as tightly as I could, and rested my head on her chest, is the thing that sticks with me the most...
To embrace and extend your remarks, you could also add societies reaction that anyone who don't get that delicious lobster is one of those horrible awful involuntary vegans, the horrible political views of all invegan for shame for shame.
Imagine what people in the first world take for granted.
(32m) This. This was the way I felt walking through the halls in high school, it shredded my self esteem/confidence (if I had any to begin with) and I never really recovered from it
(35m) This. I hate being confronted with other couples' ... "coupliness". It's too painfull to see what they have and have had daily, for years, and I don't and never did... I put on my mask, my happy face, but as soon as I'm back in my car, I feel depressed, exhausted & worthless and wished I never went. Christmas & New Years are the worst periods for this...
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kp7unx/too_ugly_to_have_success_from_dating_apps_too_shy/

Shyness and social anxiety can be absolutely crippling, especially when it comes to romance :(
Same
Yeah, I know how it is. Even if someone were to find me physically attractive and wish to go out with me, they'd be immediately turned off by my personally, or lack thereof. I am an incredibly boring and lame man. I have no interests or hobbies whatsoever. Literally all that I do each day is browse Reddit and Twitter, and watch Netflix and YouTube. There is no hidden beauty as I am ugly on the inside just as on the outside. But yeah, dating apps are mostly useless anyways, so don't be too discouraged about not using them
Welcome to Hell.
I'm confused, are you saying you you know you're attractive enough to be successful in person but your shyness is preventing you from success?   If women are checking you out, waving, or making other invitations to you, then you really do need to just get some confidence and go talk to them. If you're like me and that doesn't happen, then shyness isn't your problem.
I have Zero flirting skills, I always speak things as they are.
Too ugly to be on dating apps
Watch the movie kids. That should give you motivation.
"Just be more confident, if I could do it, you can do it too." My father.
I know you didn't ask for advice or anything like that, but if I may make one comment-  I used to be in the same position as far as hobbies.  Add in porn and gaming, and that was me.  But the truth is, most people are just one hobby away from being "interesting"...you do that one hobby, and it opens up so many avenues of discussion and interest, even if the other person isn't into that specific hobby.  And you don't have to get rid of your current hobbies/habits if you don't want to, just cut back a little.      For me, I took up tennis.  In addition to the other benefits, I enjoyed having stories to tell.  When my grandparents came to visit twice a year and they asked what I was up to, I finally had things to tell them.  On a date, I finally had a good answer to "what do you like to do for fun?".  I went from boring to...normal, and it didn't really take that much effort.
After reading the plot from wikipedia, how the fuck is this supposed to motivate anybody to do anything?
Okay, I've taken up chess. What avenues will that open up? Most girls I've met don't even know how to play, let alone are interested in it. And sure I can join clubs and so on, but it won't exactly get me close to people my age.  Or is it the fact that certain hobbies are just more appealing than others?
I just read it also, and all I have to say is what the actual fuck.
I never said your hobby would result in you getting dates, I was responding to his hypothetical scenario where "if someone were to find me physically attractive and wish to go out with me".  Its obviously a big IF.  I personally never got a date solely due to my hobby, despite being surrounded by plenty of women.    So for example- I didn't meet my girlfriend via my hobby (tennis).  I met her via online dating, and during our first date I was able to tell her a little about why I enjoy playing, the funny stories/drama that happens on the court, the places I've been able to travel because of it, the time my opponent had a heart attack, etc.  At the time, she knew nothing about tennis, and didn't have interest in competitive sports, but she was able to see that I wasn't a couchpotato do-nothing.    Its the same with her- one of her hobbies is reading.  I haven't read a book in years.  Yet she was able to tell me about her favorite books, worst books, etc.  I don't care about books, but I do care that she has something she enjoys and is able to discuss.  Ok, obviously the truth is that since she's an attractive girl, she literally could have zero hobbies and she would have zero issues getting relationships, but most of us guys don't have that luxury.
Ask some married normies how many hobbies they share with their spouse or what they mean by "share".  Some hobbies are indeed more appealing that others, I guarantee you'd get more women (or at least not fewer) by weightlifting.  The good news is at a date you could discuss "something".  What's your USCF rating / ELO rating number thingie and who'd you beat at a meet to get that rating?  Women like successful competitors.  Tell her your hero's journey of mythical proportions where it was a tough exhausting stressful slog but in the end you checkmated your enemy thus earning a USCF rating hopefully higher than room temperature.  If some woman hears you talking about you winning a city tournament she isn't going to hear there were only four entrants and its a very small town, she's just gonna hear you won.  Even if you miserably lose the tournament, she can hear how you're the fourth smartest dude in her town, just don't mention there were only four entrants.  FA as a rule do not understand network effects and their additive nature.  Yeah you're not going to meet your dream girl as a reward for winning a chess game.  But you make some friends playing chess and one is some old guy trying to hire for a job that would be a promotion in your career path and thats how you meet the other guy who etc etc and twenty things later you've manufactured enough luck to meet your dream girl.  And no chess did not lead to it directly, but indirectly you met someone who knows someone who ... and thats how you get ahead, a hundred little steps not one lucky olympic long-jump.
Lol I am aware of how networking works. You don't think I meet any women at all? I do, I meet plenty - some with whom I'm more compatible, some less. But in each case it never works out.   Also chess ability most certainly does not correspond to intelligence.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kp59ej/anybody_else_feel_like_they_dont_deserve_to_be/
I know it's not true, but I feel like this a lot.
I don’t just feel, I know I don’t. I’m 28 now and if I deserved to be loved I would’ve been loved by now.   I don’t even consider myself human anymore. Humans live life, I don’t I just exist.
Even if someone did fall in love with me I feel like I'd think they would be making a mistake
My rational mind says that I do deserve that, but my instinctive reactions, unwillingness to put myself forward or believe people who care about me, would indicate that the deeper parts of me think I don't deserve it at all.
I guess some of us don't deserve love. And, sometimes people know and enjoy teasing you with it.
I deserve to be loved. But I know it ain’t happening anymore soon.
I feel like that’s the mind playing tricks on us. In my example, I think I’m good in a couple of areas but i dont have so much financial resources and my little experience with ladies reinforces my mindset about not deserving romantic love.
Yeah. I have a girlfriend but I feel like I'm a terrible person incapable of real feelings and a liar, she'd be better off without me.
Sometimes, also feel too damaged.
I do at times but in my case it is probably true.
I literally cannot imagine someone loving me.
I think I deserve to be loved, but that means nothing. The fact that one *deserves* something doesn't mean they'll ever *get* it.
I'm so ugly that even men are scared the first time they look at me. Even I can't stand looking into a mirror
What makes ya think that? I have a slight suspicion that you’re hurting yourself and the way you think by being on this sub. Not even trying to gatekeep here but you shouldn’t be here.
I feel like an actor. All my interactions are what I think are appropriate, mainly based on past experiences. I feel like I'm struggling to fully feel. I don't know, it might be depression and I'm having a hard time today. I probably shouldn't complain though. I'll just see myself out.
Past experiences? I’m assuming you lived in a situation where it was pretty much mandatory for you to lie consistently hence why you feel like everything you do is an act. Honestly I have had something similar too but that is why I struggle a lot with empathy, emotions and such and act on what seems to be the most logical choice.  And there’s nothing wrong with complaining, I’m just saying that this place is for us, involuntary lonely people, and that this sub might lead you astray from your current situation to something worse.
It's been worse for a long time. I guess it's better to keep it in. I sound kinda pathetic looking at my previous posts.
Eh, don’t keep it in. I’m no expert on this though.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kpfw9m/seeing_someone_ive_fallen_for_being_with_someone/
Maybe I'm just being someone that is just not accepting it yet, but 2 months ago, I've fallen for this coworker I've surprisingly got along with and had a lot in common.  I honesty was very close to asking her out, but something just clicked and I never did.  I just wanted to enjoy having someone that cares about me, no matter what.  Time went on and I somehow was seeing her less and less.  Instead of seeing her 3 to 4 times a week, it dropped to 2 or even just 1.  Maybe I see that as a good thing to get over it.  I notice her starting to talk to this other guy more often. Don't get me wrong.  I get along with him and he's an amazing person.  I also know they've been closing more often together.  Maybe she saw something better in him than me I guess.  Even today, I was scheduled to close with her tonight, but the other coworker said he was more than willing to close.   To be fair, he bought a new car and has a loan, so I can understand getting the bills paid on time.  At the same time, its just a coincidence he wants to close with that female coworker, when clearly he has been scheduled to close with her a lot for the past few weeks.  Next time, I'll just let him be happy and when she's closing, I'll get him close too.    I understand, things change and she has every right to be closer friends with this other person.  I'm sure he's a better person and maybe to a point it may become serious one day, in which I don't know if thats happening or not.  I just need to accept that.  I've been trying to see her less and less just to avoid conflicts, but also staying professional.  I just talk to my other coworkers more frequently.  It works, but sometimes the feeling just comes back when she comes and asks me a question or says hi to me.  I obviously don't ignore it, but I try to keep the conversation as short as possible.  I guess I'm just jealous and sometimes seeing a good friend go distant makes me feel empty.    I hope it will pass and I hope I'll be happy for her she found someone that is compatible with and probably makes her day a little better.  Maybe one day, someone will come up and have that same happiness for me and all of this will be forgotten, but I know it won't happen anytime soon.
Im 19 (20 in a few months)  Long story short,bullying,abusive mother with mental issues,separated parenths,social isolation untill my 17  Still a social and emotional disaster as well a sexual degenerate  This girl was the only one to ever show an honest interest on me beyond being a non-gendered cardboard cut  I finished highschool and moved on to another place for college  We still keep contact,she has recently got a boyfriend,and godamm if aint dying of jealousy,im honestly happy for her for finding someone for her and i actively try to not be an ass to her or act entitled,yet i dont deny how i feel at the end of the day is fine to accept how you feel  Yes you are jealous  Is better to recognize it and learn to cope with it than to overthink it and rationalize it  You are not an asshole for being jealous You are an asshole if you act like an idiot over said feelings  You have acted in a very mature manner
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kphmkj/im_a_hermit_and_im_not_sure_how_to_reintegrate/
I don't like to lament on my own woes but im really at a lost here. Ever since being separated from the Navy I haven't felt like I fit in. I have maybe 2 friends here back in my hometown, and I can't stand anyone.      I work, i come home, i stay inside. I cant get along eith anyone outside of the military, I miss knowing what to do, waking up and having someone force me to be productive.   I was never very sociable, but in hs and college i atleast dated and went out. Now I feel like my best days are behind me.    I got "other-than-honorably" discharged from the navy for a 711, mental issues. I have ptsd and psychosis. I hate myself and i feel like i dont deserve anything in life. I wanted to serve, i atleast had friends, brothers and sisters I belonged with. Now I feel like i dont exist.      I didn't serve long, im 22 and I dont have any social media, i deleted my Facebook, Instagram, snapchat, reddit is the only thing I have to connect with people. I spend more time reading up on useless history about Rome, or the bronze age then doing anything productive.      I get focused on wierd pedantic things and i feel like im slowly getting wierer and disconnected. I want attention and conversation just to prove im a normal person. I hate it.     Idk if anyone has advice. I wanna reenlist but thats not an option. Its all I want. I dont want a family, friends, a girlfriend, I just want to lock myself away into somewhere where im moved about and kept busy enough not to think about anything. I wanna serve my country and be a tool.
Perhaps something like the fire brigade could help you get some purpose back in your life. They probably don't hire anyone since it's a public institution that doesn't kill people and thus notoriously underfunded but it would be a good place to volunteer and they would even teach you some skills and keep you in shape. They also have ranks and such like the military.
So I'm actually a lot like that, but by choice.  I went the other way, .. I had friends, social life, all of that, and decided I wanted more alone time.  I love being alone.  For me I grew weary of having responsibilities for other people's feelings, having to answer to constantly disappointed women who grew to want a more serious commitment, feeling like I was disappointing friends by not going out, that kind of a thing.  So I actively tried to become more isolated so that I could focus on doing the things that I wanted to do.  I felt that my friends, and especially women, were holding me back from doing what I wanted.  Let me ask you this, have you really tried to fully embrace being a loner ?  So what I mean by that, is .. hmm, I'm trying to think how to say it.  Pretend you were just a character in a movie or in a game, and you were writing the story of that character, .. what kind of character would you want it to be ?  What kind of skills would it have ?  What kind of experiences, that kind of thing ?  Maybe you'd want the character to be a race car driver.  Well, that's easy, .. you ever hear of the SCCA ?  It's a sports car association that holds racing events on race tracks around the country, .. some are just in parking lots on the weekend in your local community where they set up cones and race against a clock, and at the other end of the spectrum are actual races that even appear on television.  You can just get an application, go get a physical, sign up, get your SCCA racing license, get some training, and start racing.  There's a whole community of people that do that.  Or maybe this turns you on ...  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyViaTCx\_C8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyViaTCx_C8)  That's easy to get into.  Again, just go to a local DZ (drop zone) and get trained up on the ground for AFF (advanced freefall), then go jump out of a perfectly good airplane.  It's 20 jumps to get your Class-A license, but you'll be jumping by yourself completely solo long before that.  Or maybe you want to learn a skill.  This year I decided for the fun of it that I wanted to learn how to drive a tractor trailer, so that's what I did.  Driving tractor trailer is a hell of a lot of fun, and its cool to have a license to do it and know that you could just get into a truck and drive it.  If you can parallel park a tractor trailer you can drive anything.  Or maybe you want to learn some other skill, maybe learn to ride a motorcycle, or sail a boat, or get a jet ski, or maybe you want to know how to sew, or cook, or travel.  Ever go hiking on trails around where you live, or learn to program computers, or find someone who wants to learn English and learn Spanish or some other language from them, there are even places online where you can learn to speak a foreign language with people over the Internet.  So, anyway, I'm not suggesting any of these as specific courses of action .. what I'm doing is really illustrating the point that if you're single you can literally do whatever you want in your life, .. married men with children can only dream of being in that position.  They day dream about that kind of freedom to do whatever they want and feel fortunate when they have a few hours in the garage to themselves without responsibilities.  Back to my original question, have you really tried to embrace your freedom ?  If some of the above doesn't entice you to maybe role play a bit, try to imagine you have been locked up in prison and that you can't get out.  What would you want to do if you were in prison, what would you dream of doing when you got out ?  What do you think those guys who are locked away for 5, 10, 20 years, when they are out in the yard looking through the fences, what do you think they dream of doing outside ?  Or maybe you just say fuck it, ... put some hiking boots on, and hike around the world.  You can do whatever you want.
You son of a bitch... I'm in.
Enjoy. :)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kp4paq/23_i_never_held_a_girls_hand_do_i_fit_in_here/
Hi, this is my first post, but I think I'll stay for longer.
Welcome.
It's relatively easy to see if you fit in by reading the sticky posts. But it's safe to say that "never held a girl's hand" qualifies.  If you fit in is something that you have to decide seperatly though. If you feel like this subreddit has negative impact on you, then you should leave, but otherwise you are welcome.
Welcome my friend.
Like a glove.
As long as you feel like as if you will die alone, your welcome here
Make one hand transgender -> now you can even get a little further than holding hands  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Yes. FA is generally a pretty welcoming community, and there doesn't seem to be any specific enforceable definition of Forever Alone. Heck, even people who *have* experience (but are in a *very* long single period, like it's been 30 years since they've been in a relationship) still occasionally post here without much gatekeeping.  More broadly speaking, FA can apply to friendships as well, not just romance.  If I had to define FA, it would be "Someone who, for whatever reason, has a significantly below average amount of friends and/or romantic experience for their age.". However, that doesn't quite seem right. Some people truly are "late bloomers" and catch up after a while, but I think what truly distinguishes FA is a "Dang, this is just how my life is, isn't it?" moment that separates us from people who are merely single for a while or have a late start.  For me, that moment came when I was 21: I had hyped up college as the ultimate venue for finding someone, yet as senior year ground down it became clear my best chance for a girlfriend was a complete failure.
I see what you did there
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kou1ol/imagine_being_hot/
Putting zero effort into dating and having people of the opposite gender swarm you and desire you simply by default. Walking down the street with people checking you out. Knowing you’re hot as hell and can do anything, being inspired by yourself every day just by looking in the mirror. Having many people check on you and care about you every day, having people who care what you’re doing at any given moment. Having dozens of options to choose from when it comes to future partners. Never hearing the phrase “your shirt looks nice” and instead hearing “have you considered modeling?” Basically, you get to experience what everyone else only sees in movies, only it’s your actual life.  Hot people live in a different reality. They did nothing to deserve this, all blind chance due to the genetic lottery. However, they are given all those rewards and more simply by virtue. Now feel free to attack me and act like I’m nothing more than a jealous loser for pointing out how unfair life is and how some people will never get the opportunities others get on a silver platter.   Also, to those who say “if everyone was attractive, the world would be boring” maybe you should say “if everyone was attractive, personality would actually matter” yes I’m talking to you, you know who you are.
I mean, I imagine that all the time! Haha!
I call that 'spawning in on recruit difficulty'
Good looks is like capitalism. There has to be a winner and a loser, we can’t all be winners
[deleted]
[removed]
I just want a caring gf who accept me.
Man I can't wait to get the money for plastic surgery
Once human genetic engineering becomes safe and a common thing, I hope everyone can get the chance to (re-)engineer their appearance the way they like; if money is still a thing then health insurance should treat it like plastic surgeries.  I see no apparent reason personality traits wouldn't be engineerable as well, maybe a few decades after physical appearance. My guess is that it will take at least 250 years for this to become real. I'm afraid I wont be able to experience it. Genetic engineering in general is super awesome and I see it solve many of our current problems like crop failures in the future.
I get so annoyed when people deny the halo effect is like saving grace for hot people. Most things they do, barring extremes, will be painted in a positive light. They say personality matters, but it honestly doesn’t unless you’re trying to get into a LTR.
I would prefer to not be overly hot.  That type of attention is attention I would not want.
From what I've read it's has its cons as well as for girls you will probably get looked at by older dudes. You have to deal with a bunch of fake friends who only want abit of your world.  But its obviously better to be atractive than not that's for sure
You spoke the truth
Being too hot might be a little tiresome. One of the perks of being unattractive, but not disgustingly ugly is that you can mold in your environment like a chameleon. Nobody notices you. Nobody bothers you with unwanted attention. You're just part of the scenery.   I'd like to be more attractive, but not to the point where everybody notices you.
This is partially true but world is completely unfair and cruel. There are millions of genetic diseases that will kill you or you could suffer at every moment of your life. I'm not saying being ugly isn't a bad thing. It is (I am ugly  so i know.) but it is not the worst disadvantage in this life. For example, living in third world country is a bigger disadvantage(I live in a third world country as you can guess). This world sucks so try to enjoy the life as much as possible. Don't be angry to people who are happier than you, try to find your own happiness. They get attention more easily and they have more confidence but that doesn't mean they have bad personality. I think as a ugly fellow person, i can suggest you to focus on your self development than other's physical appearance. Focus on the good things you can do for yourself and for your community. Being single is not the worst thing in this life, like they portrait in the movies.
Impossible... I have no frame of reference.
You’re totally right, you can fix fat by working out, but you can’t fix facial features or other things your born with. It’s all so unfair.
I don't know if I could handle all that attention
The world isnt fair. Maybe it should be but it isnt. The problem is too much people expect world to be fair. U should accept some unfair things in ur life, otherwise u will feel too much useless pain.
I would literally give anything to just be desired and wanted
Lol. "Being inspired by looking in the mirror." Sounds like a narcissist.   I don't think that's how hot people live.  Also "your shirt looks nice" is a compliment. "Have you considered modeling" is a come on, and inappropriate in many cases. Hot people definitely get compliments about their outfits, especially since they make clothes look nice.
[deleted]
I honestly can’t imagine what it must be like to be desired
Can't even imagine
You know, people are born with different Genes, DNA, Body- and Mind-Chemistry.  Some might be good looking as you write about, but remember that maybe they have ZERO going on inside their heads. No Ideas, average or lower intellect.  What I am really trying to say is: Everyone is Beautiful and Amazing in their own way, Embrace yourself, quirks and all.   I know exactly what you are talking about , and have personally spend more that 15+ years envying other people.. Until (Through Meditation and self reflection) I began to think to myself; I'm Great, I'M Confident, I'm good looking (if I trim my beard, take a shower and actually do something about my look), I'm Positive and I'm Worth Just as much as everyone else. I know this sound a bit dumb. But saying that stuff to yourself in the mirror and really try to believe it, eventually you will. Cause i'm sure you got a LOT to offer anyone who is lucky enough to meet you. And if they don't want to meet you or date you, I know it's a hard blow to ones confidence , but try to brush it off and try again.  I know it's SO SO much easier to say that to actually do. But I Believe that everyone has something to offer, and it's just a matter if Attitude and a Positive one :D  Sorry for the long anwser, and such. I hope you can stop "torturing" yourself about these things. We only have one life, and we can't change out our body and head Like in a Video game (sadly :p) So Learn to Love yourself and be the Best version if yourself You can be.  Bless You! And A Happy New Year to You all.  Edit: and You are right : Life is SO far from Fair. The Trick behind Having Confidence is To Fake it, until its Real.   Fake it till you Make it! :)  also, if you really wanna out talk, and out charm thoes Generic-lottery-winners. Learn a bit of Innocent manipulation tricks. like using their name often, ask about stuff you know they like (even though it bores you :p), let them talk about their own life. people love to talk about themselves ;) and throw in some Compliments. Like: "Wow, that sounds like a difficult job" or Compliment their looks, but only if you mean it :) I find that a little comment like: "you look good today" or "that *InsertClothes* ooks good on you"  Sorry for the Looong comment, and bad grammar. Hope it helps a bit.  Take care :)
Looks aren’t everything. You need looks and personality.
Hot people definitely have easier lives, I won't argue that - but it's not this perfect utopia you're making it out to be. Anyone who had a car in high school or college has had a taste of what it's like to be hot. The people still don't care about you, they just want your meat.
[deleted]
I imagine it almost every single day.
I’m attractive, why isn’t this my reality?
Everything is so relative though. Those people will never have any idea how good they have it, and experience REAL devastation over the things that don’t go perfect for them, like not getting out of a speeding ticket or having the rules apply to them occasionally. Their pain is just the same as anyone else’s over legit stuff, even when it’s over something particularly dumb, like frying their hair. (People think I get upset over dumb and trivial things because I really love animals and they’re like, “Who cares if a baby raccoon dies a horrific death? Why are you so sad?”) They still get cheated on and still screw up and get fired sometimes, still develop drug problems and alcoholism and they also eventually do lose their looks and everything that comes with it. Just saying, I don’t think their lives are as happy and wonderful as we imagine them, even if the things they get upset about are stupid and their problems are mostly self-imposed and a lot of their misery is just ungrateful delusion.
You're hot, what r u talking about-
I do imagine it sometimes, but honestly I don't think that being 'Henry Cavill' is as fun as you think it is in the long run. Ever heard of the 'hedonic treadmill'? So, what happens to super-attractive people is that, because getting sex from 'anyone they want' is so easy, from a young age, as the years go by it begins to lose its charm and novelty and turns them into bland nonchalant and incredibly superficial bores. This is why, to get a new 'kick' they start getting into increasingly weird sexual fetishes and the like.  TL;DR. I'd rather be 'just handsome enough to get some attention' but not handsome enough to have women randomly throwing their panties on my face. If you put in some work, it's more rewarding in the end ;)
A lot of it is how you dress, what you eat, your posture. Steve Buscemi is ugly af but is still famous.
"Hot people live in a different reality(...)" Everyone lives in a different reality.  PS: Your text is the biggest bullshit post I witnessed since I joined Reddit a few months ago...why even write stuff like this?
Everyone wants it, but nobody will admit it.
I call it spawning on “basic recruit training tutorial mode”
I call it “Pokimane difficulty”
It just sucks being a loser.
Spot on man, it’s all looks regardless of race
Obviously! I’d rather be a hot poc than an ugly white dude/girl
r/asablackman
Clearly
Same, I’ll never get that though because my face is ugly
Good luck, it’s risky but I hope it works for you
wow you should write bad novels.
I wouldn’t mind, even being the hottest person in the world is preferable to being as ugly as I am now
It’s my specialty
[deleted]
I would love to do that if other people would just accept me and stop rejecting me
What do u mean?
And in 2021, a man’s face accounts for about 80% of the selection process, mine is ugly as hell so I’m screwed.
I need it desperately
I know it’s not fair, this post was mainly towards the people denying that looks matter.
It’s the same here for me :(
>t. I went out of the house one time 15 years ago
Come on, if you’re actually attractive the last thing someone would compliment is your shirt LOL. They wouldn’t be afraid to just straight up call you hot or attractive.
But some of us suffer being ugly our entire lives, we never get any fun time at all, just misery both when we’re young and old. At least hot people get to have fun before their looks fade.
It’s a crazy thought
They don’t care. The only thing they care about is looks. It doesn’t matter how confident I am. I’m still ugly and everyone treats me as such.
Came to spread this message, but you said it much better than I ever would have. ty :)
I'm neither beautiful or amazing.
Too bad I only have personality
Better than people not wanting me at all. Ever.
beibg wanted by what you are (even if its just your body) and "wanted" by what you have or can do is very different, not even close
Because you’re not attractive? Lmao
Well, are you a kissless virgin?
Who's gonna tell them?
attractive people dont use reddit
im just mildly attractive and my reality is pretty close to what OP describes. I also was ulgy and know what the other side is. If ita not yours then you are probably overrating your looks and are actually plain average
Which is the ultimate trade off I suppose. When you’re ugly, you understand how messed up the world is but you’re stuck in a miserable body. When you’re hot, you think the world is all sunshine and roses but you’ll never know the truth.
Yeah I wish
For people who didn’t somehow get lucky enough to be born to famous parents, the average man with an ugly face like me is screwed.
lol hot people still look hot even if they wear rags. Also eating good only helps with not being fat and sure posture can be fixed. But it can't fix an ugly face or weirdly shaped body...
It’s not bullshit though and its true to an extent. Being good looking does actually help you out in many areas whereas being unattractive can be a major downside in life expecially. Maybe OP’s choice of words could be improved on but you get the point.
If it’s such “bull” then why did 140 people upvote it?
Ooh heey look at me i don't like this post, guess why oh cause i'm hot haha!
It’s as if lookism and Halo effect does not exist. o_o  /s
Haha for sure, I guess it's okay to dream about it though 😅
[deleted]
Same
[deleted]
Maybe you can find an ugly girlfriend? All I want is compassion and someone who cares about me.
I'm so sorry.
Is it really that bad? Like deformed or just your facial features?
I get you but people have right to prefer which person to start relationship. You can't blame them. Like i said focus on your happines, getting relationships don't solve your problems at least to me that was the case. I hated myself(still sometimes i hate myself) and i thought if i get a girlfriend i will be happy and in peace, but when i finally get my dream gf, as you can guess i hated myself more because i couldn't make her happy or love her, shit how can i love someone if i hate myself it's nonsense. We come to agreement that we can't be happy with each other and we broke up. So i try to accept myself and find the joy in life,  so i did some voluntary work I tried to accept and love myself and others in my community. Trust me when you do some voluntary work, you will find the joy of making someone's life happier and you can feel the gratitude in their eyes. Voluntary work definitely change my perspective on relationships and self image. As a plus, people around you will accept you more quickly, they will love you, and care about you. Geting hobbies and trying to make new friends who enjoy your hobbies are also good way of starting good relationships. For example if you are a musician, try to join in a band . Join FRP discords. Try to genuinely  care about people. Don't treat them as a desirable materials. Also don't view them as attractive gods. Avoid generalizing people or certain kinds of groups. Try to understand individuals as independently as possible. First of all start solving problems about yourself. Ask questions to yourself " Who are you?" and "What do you wanna do in this life really?". Don't be entitled. No one is obligated to prefer you or anyone. I'm sorry if i sounded too judgy but i really get your feelings, you are angry but don't blame others they didn't create this world. We all have problems. Don't afraid to being rejected, I know it hurts but fear of rejection limits our lifes. Just be patient, focus on your own and your self development. Don't focus what people wants, focus on the main problems you have with yourself. Getting therapy also makes it easier. I really whish for the best for you. Don't loose hope and give up. Try to meet with new friends as much as possible, im sure you will find friends who accept you. Just don't  give up when you are a little disappointed from being rejected. Try different communities to meet with new friends. English is my second language so if  I  offend you, i didn't intend to do that. I appreciate you because you express yourself in Reddit and that's a good thing for you and for the community. I really care about you even if i don't know you. I hope you can solve the issues. Take care of yourself.
no you should do it for yourself and everybody would accept you and perceive you as the person you want to be percieved as, it depends on you and you only not anybody else
It is like asking someone to imagine being a unicorn... you could guess perhaps, but in truth you would have no idea what to "imagine" because you could have no hope of accurately knowing what it must be like to be a unicorn.
I hate to say “don’t worry you’ll find someone” but I also have been single for a long time. So maybe we’ll both stumble into something one day. Best of luck.
I would love it too. I had a girl ask me "how can you just not have sex? I would miss it after awhile" I said "well I hate to say this but you can't miss something you've never had"
There are two kinds of non creepy compliments.   One type is not sexual, like commenting on their clothes, or haircut, etc. Or when the situation makes it obvious that it's not sexual, e.g. best girl friends telling each other that they're hot.   The other type is directly saying they're hot/sexy/etc *when you've already established (potential) mutual interest.* This mutual interest may be established with eye contact, body language, etc, and it's highly context/situationally dependent. So it's not about if "they've had a conversation" or not. (And then when clubbing, women often assume that any man they see us at least somewhat interested, so if she is interested, there is mutual interest.)  Someone who just randomly says someone is hot is creepy. It means they have either failed to learn the basic social interaction rules, and so won't respect boundaries because they won't see them, or it means they're purposely ignoring social interaction rules, which means they won't respect boundaries. Either way, they're someone mentally sane people would want to stay away from.  So in socially ambiguous situations, such as at work, or when they want to clearly indicate that it's not a come on, they will give non sexual compliments, such as "your shirt is nice."
Yeah they would because it's considered creepy to straight up call people hot.
[deleted]
Thanks man :) Appreciate it
Highly doubt you have that based on your posts but whatever.
Yeah...and some people only have looks. We can’t change others and the only thing we can do is make the best of the hand we were dealt.
I know, it feels bad man. I guess I'm just trying to make the grass on the other side a little less greener
you don't know what you're talking about
There have been multiple times women have straight up walked up to me and told me I’m good looking.  I’m pretty old now so there’s that but you all have a weird obsession with being good looking and think it’ll just solve all your problems like you don’t have a shitty personality you need to work on.
I was in a 10 year relationship, I would hope not.
Isnt Keanu reeves on Reddit?
Sounds great tbh
Imma bet you look great.
Nearly half the us population is married. If you're average, you have proper chances. You have to be particulary ugly, disformed and tremendously stupid to really have none.
Probably because there is a lot of frustration in many people especially in this thread The thing  is this post doesn't help anyone it justs spreads negativity . And what really makes me mad is that people really believe in this shit. Yeah hurrdurr hot people don't have any problems they got everything I want and they don't deserve  because I deserve it blabla they don't even appreciate and so on.  That is just ridiculous to believe. Sure, goodlooking people have it easier in many situations in everyday live especially in dating than most of us. But really believing that they live "in a different reality" is just childish. They get cancer, they die of starvation, they get depression, they struggle with addiction etc etc
I try not to think about it because of how messed up it is that the only thing separating me from that life is a few centimeters of bone arrangements in my face
We just get the wrong end of Halo effect, I suppose. :/  *Sigh* Oh well, love being wiped out by natural selection.
I dont know who you are, your comment just sounded like it would fit that sub.
Not even the ugly girls want me
The latter
Trust me, I don’t hate myself. The only reason I know I’m ugly is because others treat me as such. Having a gf would indeed make me so much happier, having someone to care about me and validate me every day, having someone to spend time with, to love, to have fun. Stop lying to yourself and to me.
I don’t want to be perceived as the “person I want to be”. I want to be physically desired by another human.
I guess that’s true. But also I can base my guesses off how I observe people treat hot people.
Statistically impossible.
It’s so fucked up man
Idk man, the guys and girls I hang around just call each other cute or hot, it’s not a “mystery”. That’s what I learned about women, back in school I always looked for an indication that girls liked me, meanwhile girls would just straight up ask for other guys snaps, ask them to hang out, have sex, etc. if you’re looking for “signs”, you already lost.
+++
I see people do it all the time to attractive people, even in the same presence as me, but they never did it to me, thats one of the ways I discovered I was ugly.
There’s girls who straight up asked to kiss and make out with hot guys that I knew.
Well I’ve been nothing but nice to everyone around me and I’ve gotten nothing in return.
The best of being an ugly person is shit
great argument, great explanation
It's definitely a mixed bag. To end up in this sub, I expect you need a little bit of column A and a little bit of column B. Being pretty sure makes life a lot easier, though.
That’s happen to me. Doesn’t mean I’m actually good looking and make me successful with women. They tell you you are good looking to cover why they won’t date you so they feel better about their shitty decisions.
So you are attractive and not even **remotely** FA and despite that you want to give a statement on how unattractiveness and FA are not correlated?  If you've been a millenia old and have spend 99% of your life alone, then you might have a point, but until I don't think that you have the necessary experience to talk about this topic in a meaningful capacity.
doubt he uses it.
Which sounds great?
If that was true then girls would actually talk to me
Average is ugly in 2020
>Your text is the biggest bullshit post  ^^^^^^^^^.   >Sure, goodlooking people have it easier in many situations in everyday live especially in dating than most of us
Actually attractive people are statistically more healthy than ugly people.
Look up Mewing transformations. You can shift those bones in your face. I've been meaning for the last year and the structure of my jaw is popping out
Maybe you can man don't lose hope. I don't even have friends. I am an outcast.
I'm not lying, i experienced racism, discrimination and get bullied all of my life. I'm not a life coach or something like that. I try to give you perspective based on my own experience and others i know. I'm not tryna convince you. I don't know your story so I only guess but there is a one thing i know if you are not happy, confidant by your self, there is not a single soul that can change that magically for you. People don't make relationships with people cause they need them or they feel they need being loved(majority of them at least). They make relationships because they relate to each other therefore they make bonds with one an other. Don't try to overly simplify human relationships to just physical appearance, that's a mistake I think. Don't get me wrong physical appearance is important but only on first impression. Believe me or not there is human beings in this world that not only values looks. Try to reach out to more people to find out them. We can agree to disagree if you want to that's ok but don't fool yourself for your own good.
you cant be loved if you dont love yourself. so look past the "i am ugly" and find something you actually love about yourself.
Yep
That happens at clubs and parties when people are a few drinks in. But you shouldn't do this unless you're pretty sure the other person is into you.  As a former foreveralone, the unwanted attention feels validating the first couple of times but then it just makes you feel uncomfortable. In my girlfriend's case and in the case of a lot of girls I know, it's scary and anxiety inducing regardless of how attractive the guy is. Even before we started dating, a random guy telling her she's hot would creep her out.  Obviously you're less likely to seem creepy if you're hot.
A lot of people on this sub are just lurking on you guys, keeps me humble to see these horribly depressing posts.
Not at all what happened. I’d prefer not describing what happened, it’s always taken as self aggrandizement, but since this is a throwaway anyway 🤷‍♂️.  Grade seven, I was sitting on swings, there were 4 other people. 2 girls, 2 guys. There was a bit of silence and one of the girls said “do you realize how incredibly attractive you are.” I remember saying “yeah sure” since I was preoccupied with having seen my mom get beat by her drunk boyfriend a few times that week.  My life has also objectively horrible, being attractive has been more of a side note. I would trade it in and be ugly any day of the week just to erase half the shot I went through.
I am alone, and you’re making a lot of assumptions about someone online you know almost nothing about.
Blissful ignorance
Maybe it's just how you carry on the conversation rather than your looks lol
If average is ugly then there's a lot of ugly people getting married.
So they don't get cancer? Are they immune to sicknesses in general? Are they all happy 24/7 their whole live all around the globe?  What are we talking about here?
I’d have to also readjust my cheekbones and forehead as well, it would just cost too much I can’t afford it
I don’t have friends either, I used to have some minor acquaintances but I told someone that I was a virgin  because I somewhat trusted them when they asked me, and after that, everyone ditched me for the hills and now I’m stuck alone.
Those relationships never happen if you don’t look good, so yes, human relationships are very shallow and simple. Girls never even talk to ugly guys so don’t try and tell me they want to “just bond with people” or they’d give everyone an equal chance to bond with them regardless of what they look like.
Lmao. There is no love for ugly people.
It’s sad. I pray to whatever god exists that when my acne is gone I’m good enough for love.
Oh. Really? Well I'm glad we can uhh... inspire other people.
Ok did that girl kiss you or ask you out? No? Then we’ll done, you just proved my point. It’s to cover their own ass.
Well you were the one trying to make a point and haven't said anything that would actually count as an argument. Instead you have proven that you are attractive and not only got a date (farther than a lot of people here), a kiss (father than a whole lot of people here), sex (father then that very vast majority of people here), a relationship (father then almost every single one here can even dream of), but a decade long relationship with someone (I don't think I have to explain how far outside of the imagination of an FA that is).  I admit that I make assumptions to provoke you, because your type of comments make a statement without actually saying anything to prove it and then call other peoples opinions "weird obsession" (that actually have experiences to back up that "obsession" up) and it pisses me off. I don't even think that looks are the end all be all, but I still understand where people who think so are coming from (especially since they communicate it much better than you).  I **am** willing to listen, but you **actually** have to say something. Otherwise you shouldn't even bother to post.
You’re right.
I’d give anything to think that was true, but unfortunately it isn’t. I’m just straight ugly. Girls would have expressed romantic interest long ago if I was remotely attractive.
Funny because there’s hardly anyone in my generation that gets married
They’re less likely to get disease. Search “people with symmetrical faces are more statistically likely to be healthy” on google for more information.
Sometimes I cry for my loneliness. Yes it is true. I am a grown man. I am 20 years old and I am literally crying in my room because I don't have any friends and society left me alone.
Bro I have broken big as 'S' shaped nose and girls even talk to me. I'm sure you can talk to them. Just don't feel like they obligated to like you. Try your shot and if you rejected walk by and try your chance with an otherperson you would like to be in relationship. We are not machines. We have feelings. If  some girls don't like you so what? This is not the end of the world. There is millions of people in this world. Show tolerance to others like you want from them. You need to learn and accept some people will not like you no matter how much attractive you are. Don't be narrow minded. Give chance others and yourself.
because you dont love yourself. the fact that you only recognize yourself as ugly proves this. i dont know why you expect people to love you if you cant love yourself.
You're 20. Around 21 I figured out a skin care routine, started lifting, growing out my hair, and changing my wardrobe. I didn't start getting attention from girls until 22. So you got time.
I’ve been asked out, I’ve also had a girl kiss me. It was a date but she made the first move.
Most people on here are young and will get their chance to be with someone. That’s statistically probable.  I’m old and have had my life, at this point I have no family, no friends, no significant other. My life also started horribly and it never really let up. I got to experience actually being alone in the world at 16. Something most people on Reddit will never understand.
[https://www.businessinsider.fr/us/average-marriage-age-united-states-2019-2](https://www.businessinsider.fr/us/average-marriage-age-united-states-2019-2)  What do you with "my generation" exactly? We got 51% of 30-years old in the us that were married in 2019.
I could the same question like last time but this is just too ridiculous...whatever whatever whatever
We don’t deserve this.
let people think that its their looks that are stopping them from dating. people dont care about looks as much as you think they do. your mind is working against you. everyone has insecurities, and i mean everyone including the good looking people. the grass is always greener on the other side.   you cant just be good looking with zero personality. girls dont want a face to look at, they want someone to talk to. women have a more socially adapted brain so communication is very important when it comes to friendships or relationships with women. i notice i talk to my female friends more but with male friends we usually have an experience/vibe type of friendship, less verbal communication.   you cant love others if you dont love yourself, and if you cant love yourself because you think you look ugly, you wont be able to get in a relationship. dont just downvote this comment because you think this isnt true.
I used to think I was attractive, I was confident, talked to any girl with ease, but it didn’t matter. They never considered me for anything other than small talk. Looks are a very real thing and love is entirely conditional upon them.
Good
I take your word for it. Just don’t let it get to your head or live in a delusion for that to be true. I’ve also, had many girls tell me “he’s fit” and looked at me in a way like they wanted to bang me there and then . But they don’t and never do. Hence my reason for being on this sub. They end up going for the men they actually want. I assumed you were just in denial and believe you still might be. Having one experience is not enough evidence to suggest that to be to true to you. You might’ve just got very lucky or tried very hard without realising. It’s happened to me too. I’ve had some success but nothing to substantially suggest that I am therefore “hot”. That’s my point.
That number is gonna keep dropping as women’s standards become increasingly insanely high.
Whatever makes you sleep at night bud.
Yes we don't...Maybe one day people and girls will realize me. I hope one day. I am praying to god.
> They never considered me for anything other than small talk.  if youve only been able to "small talk" with every single person who youve interacted with, have no friends, it sounds like you dont have much of a personality or arent a social person. it has nothing to do with your looks, although it probably isnt helping either.   there are straight up, objectively ugly people, severely handicapped people, and others who have worse genes than you, who still end up in a relationship or at least friends. at least thats how i think about it so love is 100% possible.  do you have any internet friends at least? not trying to look down on you but its very hard to believe that you can be alone forever even if you try your best to interact with society.
I don't read the future, I just look at what statistics say right now.   And right now, with 51% we got some average dudes getting married. that's all. Does it mean everybody gets married? No. Does it mean everybody has a chance? I doubt everybody does. I don't believe people "deserve" love nor the world to be fair.   But there's no need to go "hardly anyone in my generation that gets married" and try to predict the future. You're alone, true, that doesn't mean you should forget about your critical sense.
If god cares about us he wouldn’t have made us so ugly
Yes internet is never an issue for me. It’s real life that people just are never interested in me.
How many people at age 20 will get married before 30? I predict below 35%
God has a reason but we don't know...It is a little bit philosophical...
I told you, I don't do predictions, even less so when it's based on my anecdotical experience.   You have enough reasons in life to be bitter and complain, there's no need to invent new ones on top of it.
His reason is to torture me every day with being forever alone due to things I cannot control.
“Invent new ones” yes, loneliness is totally an invented problem.
There's no helping someone's who is so in the darkness sadly
I know I know. But praying helps me a lot. I cry to god and listen audiobible. Maybe I would kill myself without god. Jesus says "Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest."
I’d never worship a god that made me look like this, I’d rather not have lived at all.
I know how you feel man. But God also suffered for us.
Whatever. It doesn’t affect my life. My life is shit regardless of which religion is right.
I am sorry to hear that man. I wish you the best...
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kp1drg/losing_the_genetics_lottery_completely_inheriting/
My mother is objectively very pretty and she's been told multiple times that she can become a model. Even after 4 kids, she's still very pretty by modern day society's beauty standards. Having said that, she has many psychiatric disorders  On the other hand, my dad is very short and  objectively unattractive by society's beauty standards but is very neurotypical, charming and has no psychiatric disorders.  I just happened to inherit the psychiatric disorders of my mother and the looks of my father, unlike my siblings. It's pretty brutal when I think about it
My moms dad had a full head of hair, but she had terrible acne.  My dad had perfect skin, but went bald in his teens.  I ended up with terrible acne and going bald at 16.  FML.
I don't know whether my dad's is small but mine is. If I let myself go even a little bit I gain weight super fast and I also have a babyface. Not really things my parents themselves have, but bad genes? Definitely.
Ugh, I look at my chickenskin legs and feel my slightly crooked spine, then see the flakes from my dry scalp, and I shake my head at my mother for ever fucking my drunk dad.
If we're talking purely looks, I didn't really win the genetic lottery either. Mom was the young and attractive woman with tons of boyfriends throughout her teens, dad was the okayish looking nerd but he was smart and had a lot of money.  I took after my dad in terms of looks obviously. I'm also super short (I have no idea where that came from considering most of my family is tall or average).  Of course, there's more to life than looks. I may not be winning any beauty contests anytime soon but that doesn't mean life is completely worthless. Sure i'm probably never going to be a basketball player, nor a football player, or any sort of professional athlete, and will definitely never be a chick magnet (unless I get rich and famous) but I have a ton of natural talents and interests, some which include things that most people are not capable of.
All I have inherited from my folks are the worst parts of them. FML
F
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kphf1h/forcing_myself_to_love/
[22M, haven't had sexual contact, kiss, or a real relationship yet]   So, I've been having a dilemma for some time now, and wanted to hear other people's thoughts. I've been thinking that if I don't end up in the dating scene with some experience before too long that I'm going to end up forever alone essentially, but I've developed a crippling want (need?) for a relationship built upon a foundation of friendship. My problem is that whenever I talk to someone I think I could go for and who I COULD see myself dating, I always think to myself that I'm only forcing myself to want that person for fear of being alone and no other reason - perhaps in the limited time we've talked I've realized we don't share interests or something, and it just doesn'tseem like someone I would want to be friends with, and therefore missing the whole point. Either way, I don't want to date someone with the intent of breaking up, but this mentality forces me to be inactive entirely. Is there a way to get around this, and do I even need to? And is this normal, or am I just being really extra?   I should note that my interests are fairly normal - video games, netflix, drinking socially (though I'm too self conscious to do anything with women), and I don't really see myself as particularly unattractive.
I don't have any real advice, but I will say this .. being older and looking back on it, I was about 20 or 21 when I first fell in love, and though at the time I felt like I was really late, it turns out that most of the women I dated were in my mid- to late-20's through like 40 ... that was kind of peak dating time for me.  I mean especially my 30's, wow, ... and yet I remember being about your age thinking about how I was basically a loser because throughout high school I had never had a girlfriend, I mean like none.  If I had it to do over again ?  I mean if I was transported back into a young person's body and had it to do over again, what would I do differently ?  I'd be more active at dating.  I learned a \_LOT\_ about women by dating them, .. they were very different than I was brought up to think.  I was the typical "put them on a pedestal" type, and had it in my head that they were these angelic creatures, but that's simply not true.  There are some few who are very sweet, but even the sweetest of them have back stories they never tell you about, .. I know because I've dated enough that I've been that back story for quite a few of them, and I've seen behind the curtain.  So what's my point ?  My point is, if I went back in time to do it over again .. I'd be \_MUCH\_ bolder.  When you're young you kind of fear rejection from women, but I understand now that this is all just part of the game, "shit testing", all the rest, .. it's important not to get too wrapped up with any particular/specific person when you have no idea if they are even interested.  People are at different places in their lives, .. and the chances that the one person you are interested in is in the right spot in their lives to be interested back is actually a lot slimmer than most people realize .. I mean women do not stay unattached for long, so the chances she's just waiting for you to come along is pretty much non-existent.  So that means there's a change in strategy that is called for, and that change in strategy is to date a \_LOT\_ of women, .. yes, at the same time, and with all of them knowing that you're dating other women.  That doesn't mean be an asshole, it doesn't mean sleep with all of them, it means expend energy to keep a lively and active social life where you are constantly getting to know new women and asking them out, going on dates, watching movies, having parties and inviting them over, and all of that.  That's what I would have done differently.  I spent entirely too much time especially in high school being fixated on specific women that I had crushes on when I should have had the goal of taking every single woman in my high school out on at least one date so I could get to know them all.  So I guess if I have any advice (?) it's .. don't focus in on any one woman, because (1) she's not who you think she is, and (2) chances are she's either dating someone else, crushing on someone else, or whatever, .. so its a waste of time to focus on one woman like that.  Instead, .. focus on yourself and doing what you want to do to become a better person, and try to create an active social life for yourself where you are having fun doing things that you like to do, and inviting different women to enjoy those things with you.  You'd be amazed how that suddenly  attracts their attention, .. it seems that more than looks, etc, what women seem to value most is men who are confident and comfortable in their own lives, ... and they like men who are having fun.  I've made the joke before that women like to find men who are independent and having tons of fun in their own lives so that they can climb aboard and crush all of the fun lol.  I'm obviously being facetious, but there is something to that, women are attracted to men who are having fun in their own lives, at least that's been my experience.  The most female attention I ever had in my life was when I was having fun and didn't even care about dating.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kp1x2g/why_do_i_always_feel_like_im_not_good_enough_for/
Like i just want someone and not feel so lonely
I’ve started believing this
one reason why you might feel you are not good enaugh is because other people told you it over and over again . inside voices come from outside so if people told you that you are not worthy and lowered your self-esteem , you may think you dont deserve nice things in life  , including partner .  I think positive self talk is good point to start , tell yourself that you are good person , good looking , full of confidence . it may feel like you are liyng to yourself , but you should ramember that you are right .
I laugh at people who call me a incel because I’m literally the opposite, I see myself as below women
It’s the billion dollar question my friend.  I feel the same way and I have had people pin me down on it...by which I mean they wanted me to explain to them in detail why I think that way?  Well, I had a really hard time answering, because my reasons that I gave were groundless, and by that I have gone out of my way to avoid interacting with women (outside of official business) ever since 3rd grade.      Now here I am at 38 and I have no real explanation, theories, yes, but real answers, no!     My fear of change is far more powerful than my desire to change, I guess.
Sometimes i take myself on date's to make me feel like im worth it
Thank you, i will start doing this!
Its Good to treat yourself bro, not being able to attract women doesn’t mean were bad guys
Be careful with that advice. I feel like this because women have been telling me it for decades, consistently. If you're getting run down by a few people here and there then that's one thing. If you're getting told the same thing over and over and over again, then it's probably true. Refusing to believe reality isn't going to change reality. It's only going to frustrate and depress you more.
I agree, sometimes just enjoy a nice dinner or watch the sunset feels good.
I dont think people dont like me. But everyone sees me as just another niceguy. But i do see what ur point is
Or most people in general are just assholes.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kp6emt/the_worst_part_about_being_in_a_bad_headspace/
It’s almost inevitable that we will go through a period of our lives that seems unbearable or intolerable.   During times like these, it’s almost necessary to rely on friends or family for moral support, because we’re likely to take extreme measures to solve our issues (alcoholism, drugs, etc).  I have just recently gone through (and am still going through) a period like this, where I need someone. I’ve been leaning on my ex-boyfriend for support, but he is largely unsympathetic, and is taking advantage of the fact that he can manipulate me to do what he wants while I’m in this low state.  I should have fostered better friendships in my life, and been closer to my family members, because this is what I’m left with. I really can’t be alone right now, or I would be taking drastic measures.  I find myself envious of Redditors who have been sharing live feeds on the r/distantsocializing subreddit, who say they are going through a hard time, but also have friends to lean on and talk to who are supportive. I don’t have that, and I may never will.
envious indeed.  i admire those people who have the strength to up and continue... especially now. i dont even know if you want to hear any so called advice, and im not gonna say itll magically get better, because thats bs and we all know it.   just, support.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kos2i4/i_damn_near_had_a_threesome_last_night/
Just needed two more people...
I would've still need 3 people cause I'm barely a person anymore
Once I woke up because a girl’s ass kept hitting me in the head while she was having a threesome...
Reminds me of that old boomer joke: “I have sex almost every day. Almost on Monday, Almost on Tuesday, Almost on Wednesday.....”
Congrats. I too subscribe to r/jokes which is presumably the subreddit I saw this same joke in earlier during my scrolling.
You would need four and a half.
Story time
Lmao same
So what happened was, I (M) got invited to watch a movie at a friend’s (F) place. She invited 2 of our friends, both guys, to be there because one of them had just gotten a movie projector.   They wanted to watch some French indie film about a 2 girls coming out and falling in love or something. We were all watching the movie on her bed. I fall asleep because i didn’t think it was interesting enough to keep reading subtitles. I’m not in school anymore, I don’t have to read if I don’t want to.   I wake up some time later to my ex-friend, doing god knows what, but her boney naked ass hitting me on the head. I was super out of it. (P.s. Waking up is a horrible time for me especially if I’m woken up.) As soon as I heard the rustling I could guess what was going or about to go on.   Being the nice understanding guy I am I coughed a couple of times to a ounce I was still there just in case they forgot. I even tried rolling over like if I was asleep still to make enough movement for them to notice. They didn’t stop.   After being uncomfortably awake for a few, I get up, find my glasses, and search for my shoes in the dark. Without success, I write up my shoes as a loss and leave the room. I turn around to see them quick hid under the sheets. (Flash back to when I was 9 y/o and my parents did the same thing, I also happened to be asleep in the bed that day...) I quickly say, “I’m just gonna go home.“ and leave. As the door shuts behind me I hear one of the guys say, “you think he noticed?” Then, “Yeah, I think so.”   I am now even more scarred than my parents left me and refuse to sleep in a shared bed or area with anybody other than my s/o. I once slept in the hallway floor of my house because I found one of my friends had drunkenly fallen asleep on my bed.
Holy shit brutal
That must have been annoying. Interesting story
Wow! Interesting story :) But I gotta say: That is just Plain disrespectful of those two.  You are a good person, I don't know if I could have handled that situation as cool as you did :) I fins it kinda annoyinf when people think you don't notice them litteraly Dry-Humping up against you like i'm some sort of Coat rack/Matress.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kp2jnq/in_covid_test_line/
Even in the line there countless young couples all flirting or cuddling each other. Must be nice having someone special like that.
Where I live it's a car drive through
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/koxmsp/the_end_and_the_beginning/
I lost my virginity today: no, not in cyberpunk or GTA or Skyrim.   I had sex, in one of those parlours. I was drunk, I lasted long (technically I couldn't even cum) since she seemed to be in a hurry, I was still hard and wouldn't cum. So she gave up after 30 mins or so.  I had tried so hard to lose the V card within this year but now I finally did it, is there anything left to do?  I have no one who would want me in bed, no one who would send me thirsty messages telling me, how much she wants me.  Seems like the end has no beginning for a forever alone.
You long for connection  Sex is merely but a experience of the collective of experienced that compose relationships  I hope you manage to experience all those other experiences you havent yet lived just as you mansged to live this ond
support just support, because thats what i can offer. but hope it helps to some extent.
Did you atleast enjoyed having sex ?
Thank you
Thanks. It is what it is. I hope things get better for us someday.
I was half drunk, felt good for a while. Didnt walk out the most satisfied man in the world.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kor87n/i_stood_behind_a_really_cute_ridiculously_bubbly/
Just wish i was in a position where i wasn't such a creepy loser, with loads of mental health problems, who didnt live with his mother without a job for 5 years, with the personality of paint drying on the wall, etc. so that the next time i see a girl like that she could be in my life for longer than five seconds
Well done OP. It's the small things that keep us going.
Its good that you could get some happiness out of that. I usually just feel even worse when seeing attractive women
Haha, yeah.   I get those same thoughts if I see a women I'm attracted to
Yeah I know that feeling
I don’t even bother paying attention to people, especially nowadays with the pandemic. I just focus on my tasks and getting the hell out as soon as possible.
Wait for a few days. Those memories will haunt you now
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kovjza/chemical_castration_to_remove_sexual_desire/
Am I an idiot for thinking about this? While at the moment I don’t want to kill myself, I genuinely believe my mindset can continue to worsen until I do kill myself. Castrating myself to curb my sexual desires and attractions would make me happier I think. I’m probably just stupid though.
Therapy or counseling before anything like that my dude.
Please do not hurt yourself. You should get help. .............I understand though, I’m a female and I have tried googling “how to lower my libido”. ...............hang in there bud, don’t hurt yourself.
i dont think that works, does it?
Yep, utterly stupid. In the end what does it do but fuck up your body's hormone balance (which fucks your psyche even more) and it does not remove the hardwired desires of the brain (especially for adults you can't change it anymore). So yes, shouldn't do that.
Sugar is a chemical.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kowxb6/someone_to_talk_to/
Anyone who's also friendless would like to talk about stuff and make each other's day better?
ey  not perfect or understanding or morally completely amazing but im a person?  so  :)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kopio8/my_2_plants_is_what_makes_me_go_up_in_the_morning/
I go up to the third floor and into the shower room (that we don’t use) every morning to check my plants. It feels very good to actually do something and it’s really rewarding seeing the plants grow. Would recommend for other people. I otherwise would’ve slept through this winterbreak.
Happy cake day bro, I know the feeling. For me, it’s my sourdough starter
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kov1cv/what_kind_of_partner_are_you_looking_for_in_your/
I've tried to imagine myself with various fictional characters or kinds of real-life women, but it's really difficult to say what would complete me. Do I want someone who's energetic or someone relaxed? Someone who's dominant? Someone who's casual? Formal?  In addition, even if I finally did come to an answer, I'd have no way of knowing if that's what I'd actually want. One of the things I struggle with is that since I have no experience, everything I could want is effectively just fantasy and speculation. I have no idea how good or bad something actually is until I've tried it. That said, I have found a few baseline things I think I'd want:  * **Dominant/Assertive:** As someone with autism, I'm not offended by direct requests or feedback, and I find it even more difficult than usual to pick up hints. As someone with no experience in dating or romance, I'd also simply like someone who tells me how to please them. If someone says "That date was terrible. We're going <place> next time." or "I like your in your grey suit better than your black one.", I'd be happy to hear that. * **Fine with just being a couple i.e. no children:** I have no intention of having kids. I am open to the idea that my mind might be changed in the future, but it's about as close to a dealbreaker as I have without being one. Even without any experience, I know that figuring out what to do about kids is a decision that can't be made half-heartedly or put off. It's something that's best resolved as early as possible. * **Shares my values and lifestyle:** This doesn't necessarily have to be specific political or religious beliefs, but I do want someone who shares the same general outlook on life. They can like watching sports and I can like video games (i.e. both stay at home activities), but I don't want someone who likes clubbing while I like to read. * **6-8 Body i.e. attractive, but not like a model:** Personally, I find 9-10 supermodel bodies to be generic at best and repulsive at worst. Society's beauty standards are so strict that all models basically look identical to me and are prevalent in the media that I just don't find them attractive anymore, and the habits and extremes they go to maintain them (i.e. not eating a lot) make them actively unattractive (i.e. seeing ribs through their skin). I would prefer someone with a 6-8 body because they're attractive, but at the same time "flawed" enough to be attractive in their own unique way as opposed to fitting a 10/10 template. Of course, that's not to say I'd ever turn down a 10/10 if one was ever (somehow) into me, just that I actually find people who deviate *somewhat* from society's beauty standards to be more attractive than people who fit it perfectly.
\*Dominant: Yes I also want someone who is dominant. I like strong women so much. I am also too agreeable so she would complete me.   \*Empathetic and compassionate: I am a little bit emotionally weak. And I need emotional support so much. So she must understand me. But she must also criticize me if I am wrong.   \*Religious: I find religious people so interesting and I am somewhat religious. I would like to date with a catholic so much.   \*look doesn't matter so much: I tried to date with ugly girls before but they rejected me lol. Basically any woman can be attractive for me. I am not that handsome. But I am more interested with women who has blue eyes and dark bushy hair.    \*Introverted: One of my biggest dream is reading a book with a girl. I spend my time in home and I would like someone same.   \*Pets: I like cats, birds and dogs so much. So she must accept at least cats and birds.
I just want someone to love me
maybe it would be effective if you would think/learn more about what you want and why. in my case, it helped me to understand what i want and what not. i love polyamorous, so i give a general idea of how i think  dominant: no - assertive: i do not care - children: no - gender: i do not care - shares my values: yes - shares my lifestyle: i do not care - subjective physical attractivity: i do not care - kindness and compassion are important to me -
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kop91b/how_to_get_a_job_when_youre_depressed/
How to get a job when you're depressed? I don't know I just cant do it. I don't know what's wrong with me.  Edit: I didn't phrase this right, Depressed AND Anxious, Depression makes me think I will never get a job or will suffer endlessly when I get the job, or get fired anyway (bc I tend to be late a lot) and anxiety makes me absolutely scared of being judged in any way so I cant even sent out an application,,That probably sounds stupid but that's how my stupid brain works and if you know how to fix it please tell me
I get you, I wanna stay in bed all day. But I can’t. It doesn’t really feel better once you get into a rhythm but it gets easier
It's hard, but we have to separate our work lives from our personal lives. Coworkers, managers, and clients don't want to see me mope around so I just have to put on a smile and pretend everything's alright.
You just do it. You make calls, you show up, you shake hands and you fake it till you make it.
I couldn't even get a job when I was happy and enthusiastic. To realistically answer the question: know people. Just like making friends or finding partner. You have a better chance when you already know people.
So many depressed people find a job and are working all their life. Try to do introspection if it really is the depression that is stopping you.  Maybe you're just conveniently living in a situation where you can choose to not be able to have a job. I have rent to pay. I will go to work even when suicidal. Might not be as productive on those days but I will be there.
i think that when you pass your interviews and get hired it will be easier to make friends with your coworkers
I have a job where I just work all day without talking to anyone unless they ask me a question or just small talk. Been working while depressed since who knows when I think it's just customary for me
You don't, you just stay NEET  just saying
What fancy world are you living in? If that's all it took, I would have got a job by now. You realise your comment sounds just like, "to get a girlfriend, you just have to open Tinder".  **Edit**: So sad that I cannot even relate to people in FA anymore. Getting a job has never been something I have succeeded in despite efforts, learning new skills and having studied at postgrad level. It's a shame people just want to downvote. I am seeing a tremendous biased hypocrisy in thinking among users in this sub when it comes to "just be confident bro" and "just get a job bro". So sad.
[deleted]
I've been depressed since 12 maybe 8 years old going to school then finishing university and everything, at some point I just ..couldn't
yeah i know what you mean. but i just kinda want to overcome my shit brain at this point, you know?
Depends on the job...I guess...I got one recently and it just kind of happened.  I just kind of did it. Sure I had to pretend to be fine, even had to answer a mental health questionaire, and lie about pretty much everything.   But I did it.
i'm speaking from personal experience. not everyone might have the same experience that i did
I still can't fathom how you claim it to be so easy to walk into a job, as well as the upvoters. Wow, I don't even belong in this sub then if I can't even relate to FA folk. Back to r/NEET.
[deleted]
It's not easy at all it took me months, and the job I got is a crappy one.  But you just do it. Just doing it isn't necessarily easy. Once you have no other option you find a way.
No one ever said it was easy. It's just something you do, or you don't eat. The decision I guess is easy. Actually doing it is mentally exhausting.
Getting a job isn't easy per se, but being depressed doesn't change the process of attempting to get one. You obviously just have to put on your bravest face in the moment to minimize the effect your depression has on your social behavior.
I definitely felt a ton better after getting a job. Feeling productive always tends to cheer me up and my coworkers were welcoming and friendly.  Oh yeah and money is nice too
Okay. What if I've been doing that but still keep getting rejected for a whole variety of reasons to a point where I don't actually know the problem?
It would be nice if getting hired was easy...
The problem might just be your luck is trash (like mine!) and, uhh, hate to tell you this but it's incurable. 😢  You can try to be as unbiased and analytical and self-critical as possible, but you should also keep in mind there's still much to life that is beyond one's own control. As difficult as it might be when our results have been so poor for so long, it's important for our mental health not to be results-oriented. Fix the obvious problems, and consider therapy to help you find non-obvious problems that might be more apparent from an outsider's viewpoint, but also realize there *may* be nothing substantially wrong and you're just suffering from external factors.
Depends on what you’re looking for
What should I be looking for then? I have applied all across the spectrum my entire adult life. From McDonalds to Business Analyst.
Idk man your area might just be dry. I’m applying for summer internships while working at a go kart track for $12.50/hour. I saw help wanted when I visited and I pretty much got the job when I turned in my application. Can’t speak for everyone, just my experience.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kokhtm/im_so_lonely_and_i_talk_to_myself_all_the_time/
I’m lonely, sad, alone, we all know what that feels like. Quarantine isn’t helping of course. I haven’t really talked to anyone besides my family for quite a long time. I have some friends from school but we don’t talk much and we only met up once in december. I also have some online friends who also don’t really wanna talk to me and they completely abandon me. I feel so frustrated and so alone. To ease the loneliness a bit, I talk to myself. Out loud or just in my thoughts... Sometimes, I imagine myself talking to one of my friends, online or irl and I talk to myself as if I was speaking to them. If I’m watching a youtube video, I sometimes pause and talk to myself to let... myself... know my thoughts. As if I was filming a reaction video or something... even though I’m obviously just alone... Strange thing is, this does make me feel a little bit better from time to time. Obviosuly it’s not a good replacement for social interaction but it eases the pain a little bit, I think. I talk to myself, explain things to myself, tell jokes and anecdotes to myself... it’s so ridiculous and sad, I know, but it’s my reality.
Haven’t mentioned this to anyone ever but maybe it’ll make you feel slightly better and give some people a laugh. Looking at it from the outside I’m sure it’s slightly comical.   Anyway so I talk to myself sometimes but there’s also times where I pretend like I’m on an episode of cribs and I’m being followed by cameras and people want to know what I’m doing that day. I put on this big persona and detail what I’m doing or where I’m at in the house or something. It sounds dumb and I assure you it is.   However, sometimes it’s just whacky enough to make me feel good about things for just a little while you know?
Before i opened your post i was literally talking to myself so yeah. I do that sometimes. Either i just talk to myself or pretend to talk to people that exist but aren't present.  Edit: i just noticed something weird. Most of the things i say when i speak to myself are in english although it's not my main language and i don't speak that well. I wonder why that is.
Would you like to have a chat with me? :)
I talk to myself constantly. I've become my own "best friend". I guess it comes from years of really only having myself to talk to. Even when I was young I didn't even talk to my parents. Don't misunderstand, I'll talk to people all day, and I have talked to some, and it catches them off guard because I'm a man of few words until I get to know someone. I have a very hard time trusting people, but once I do finally start to trust someone, I tend to open up like a book. Sadly, people never stay. It seems like myself and working are the only constants in my life. So I always end up alone. I guess this is partly why I wish I had a SO so bad. Besides the want (need?) to take care of and love someone, I want someone I can trust. Someone I can talk to, rather than sitting here and talking to myself constantly. Honestly I'm beginning to think it's more than just a coping mechanism, but perhaps it's a mental issue.   I say "(need?) to take care of and love someone" because I'm having a hard time finding a reason to live without it. Yes it's something I want, and while it's not necessarily a need, if it's the only thing that gives me a reason to live, then perhaps it is a need after all.
Get into videogames that have group chat, to help interact a little. In the mean time, try doing group activities (when the come back).
Im not sure if this will help, but I personally have set up a discord server.  And i have two other people' in it. They are alts, made using my old emails. I use it as a vent and sometimes listen to songs through vc   not just you
Same
I've been living by myself for the last 14 years. I don't have any friends. Of course I talk to myself!
Lol yeah. I also sometimes pretend like I’m recording a youtube video. Talking to my “audience”. This is usually when I go out once in a while and put on makeup “yes I’m just putting eyeshadow under my eye because why the fuck not, actually you know guys this was a stupid idea I’m gonna wipe it off” “wow I really to make *that* mascara face don’t I” and things like that. MaKeUp TuToRiAL
Yeah me too. I just imagine conversations :D I have soo many things to tell and noone to tell them to...
You're exactly like me. I don't think I can bear the pain much longer. Hang in there, I feel you man :(
I understand how you feel, I of course also would most of all like to have a partner but also having some more friends would be nice aswell
I gathered a group for playing valorant on discord. They just replaced me a week after lol.
Lmao. Funny to know others do this as well. I mean I figure if it helps it helps. Regardless of if I look mildly (or totally) insane in the process.
Yeah it's sad. But i don't think there is anything wrong with talking to yourself. I don't even have a lot to say, just some random bits of thoughts here and there but it's nice to at least get them out even if noone is really listening.
Yeah, unfortunately I wouldn't expect random internet people who only play games with you to become your close friends (or to care about you at all). For them it's just a game and that's it, they have their own real friends and social lives and so they don't really need to care for a gaming "friend," especially if such a friend is a depressed loner.  Sometimes it's hard for me to relate to normal people who don't cling to every person who shows them the slightest bit of attention
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kosqaq/drunkcrying_and_listening_to_s3rl_you/
Gotta bury that emptiness and hope the seeds of hope bloom instead, but holy shit.  Watering the fuck out of that depression tonight.  I'm guessing there's alot of samesies here, so join me in despair.
I wish I was drunk
But please say so, cause I feel super alone
I wish I had the good feels of being drunk.  I just have the shitty embarrassing parts.
That sucks. Drinking is one of my only escapes where I feel normal.
What is "normal" lol
I guess for me it’s when I’m not having symptoms or feeling like a total loser. But point taken, everyone is a little weird in some ways
I've actually made some pretty huge strides in the "not feeling like a total loser" category.  Like, I generally don't hate myself with a burning passion for even existing anymore.  But, the negative stuff has to go somewhere I guess, and apparently it's now all heading directly into my rum & cokes.
🍻
Well, I hope things continue on an upward trajectory for you. Also, hopefully tomorrow isn’t too painful haha I’ve definitely been there done that
Don't even want to think about tomorrow lol
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kon7ot/my_first_dream_of_2021_is_crushing_me_all_day/
in the dream it was also January 1, but I was on my way to the airport. a girl accompanied me, we were very close, I could see.  we had tickets in our hands, we were excited.  we arrived at the airport, between hugs, arms and fingers intertwined we went to check-in, she radiated joy.  "we are finally going to live our lives" she told me.  and it was there that I realized that she was the woman of my life. I don't care where we would go in that dream, I was happy, because she was with me.  and I woke up, in my bed, in my room, without a plane ticket in my hands and with no one beside me.  I wish I couldn't wake up.
[deleted]
I like these dreams. I feel shitty all the time basically and having dreams like this is great to feel some happiness, even knowing it's temporary.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/koxuho/would_you_say_that_modern_loneliness_is_caused/

Capitalism can definitely play a role, in making people more and more focused on working with less security in having their basic needs met, thus giving them less free time for leisure and so on. Plus capitalist ideas could influence things like people chasing status and such and devoting less of their free time to seeking meaningful interpersonal relationships as opposed to signalling status when they do have free time. And probably various other effects too
If economics have anything to do with it, it's the fact that society has advanced the roles of women to the point where they no longer need to rely on marriage as a source of income, which is a good thing. In the past a woman would have to settle for an unattractive guy who could support her, whereas today she can support herself.
I don't know what it has with economy to do but yes, society very much so.
Industrial society not as much capitalism. Yes it’s a societal thing
I would say it is caused by ease.  For all everyone's bitching about how hard the world is now, .. I lived through the 1970's, etc, and life in the United States is a piece of cake compared to then.  With ease comes options, and with options comes the option to ignore doing the hard things.  So we get all these people now who avoid having to do the hard work that it takes to have a successful conclusion to a myriad different life paths.  It isn't just dating, relationships, etc, .. it's everything.  You can choose your own reality (that is separate from the actual, really real reality) in so many different ways now that we have wall to wall depression and anxiety, because people can go their entire lives now without ever having to face their fears.  Back in the day this was not possible .. if you were silly looking, people told you so.  If you were a jerk, you had a good chance of missing some teeth by the time you got to high school.  You could fight against reality, .. but reality fought back.  Now, with resources and money, you have the option of just avoiding a lot of that reality altogether.. you don't have to learn to change a flat, you can just pay AAA.  You don't have to learn to fix a lawnmower, just pay a service.  You don't have to go out on a hundred dates to find the man of your dreams, you can just swipe right.  In short .. the amount of un-reality, .. the amount of people who believe things that simply are not true about the world around them and the people in it, and the amount of sheer delusion that people are living with, is at historic highs.  Modern loneliness is just a symptom.  The reason it feels like men and women don't need each other like they did through most of history is because ... they don't.  Each can get along just fine without the other now, and so they do, because this easy life with its 7 USD/cup coffee makes it possible.  Once upon a time you had to fight together to make it in this world, especially if you had kids, ... now, it just doesn't matter anymore, .. 40% of children are born out of wedlock, because the world is now full of options and you can basically do whatever you want without every facing reality.
[deleted]
Not 100%, but yes, a philosophy of selfishness and a society built around extreme individualism utterly fucked us.  Speaking from an American perspective. There is no sense of community, and social media is a tool of divisiveness. There is work, worry, and generational trauma to inherit. It's anomie.
I meant loneliness from friends and family not necessarily relationships, your point is correct tho
I'm talking about how you're expected to be very good and productive at your job and when you aren't good at it you feel like you've failed so you try to get better but getting better requires time and the easiest way to get time is to take it from something else and time with friends and family is the easiest thing to sacrifice.
actually yes,the ease of life allows for easier isolation     other times you were forced into ''do or die'' moments on life where either you broke or you overcame the odds,now is possible for people to live in this meaningless limbo of an existance  &#x200B;  loneliness has always existed,weirdos and rejected has always been,is just that now weirdos are not broken or helped by the world,now they can hide and rot in their own sadness
MAN YOU CAN'T JUSTIFY ANYTHING IF YOU HAVEN'T EXPERIENCED IT YES THE WORLD MIGHT BE "EASIER" but that just makes it more demanding tell me would you like World War III because your personality resonates that
There's too much of a double standard now that people feel like they need to do better whether in their job or in school but to do better you need time, the best way to get time is to take it from something else and time with friends is the easiest thing to sacrifice.
Being expected to be very good at your job is a simple and natural evolution of being expected to be good at hunting, fighting, and providing for others. Plenty of other animals compete for female attention. Humans are no different, our society is just more advanced.  In an equal, classless society, men who perform more impressive jobs will still be considered more attractive.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/koocn5/so_a_girl_texted_me_by_mistake/
That shit hurt. She got the wrong number and I tried to have a conversation with her.
Forget about it and move on   That's my advice
Bro just be like “nah this def the right number let’s talk” I did that and I’m friends with this girl for two years but it’s nothing close. Kinda like a fluke because she was like 1 hour away from me but idk about your situation but I wish u the best bro.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kopnoq/my_new_year_resolutions/
Well ... another year that start alone! It's been 16 years in a row, I guess it's time to throw in the towel and resign myself. This 2021 I will dedicate it solely and exclusively to me, exploring new places, new experiences as much as possible due to the covid situation, but the question is to get out of my comfort zone and stop lamenting my loneliness, I hope this 2021 be a good year although I think it would be very naive of me to believe such a thing but not trying would be worse!
yay! Best of luck, however much that matters!
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/koeclq/sometimes_before_i_sleep_i_imagine_myself_having/
In my case, he's a nice Scottish gentleman lol. But hey, I suppose this is my life. Fantasy is all I have.
Girlfriend in my case but I stopped doing this a long time ago. Just adds up to my loneliness and the reality check hits hard lol
Nothing weird at all, seriously, trust me. I imagine Elizabeth Olsen lying next to me while I sleep! ;)
I do that quite a bit too, except it's a girlfriend in my case
Picturing Ewan McGregor 😂?
Will a Welshman be a decent substitute?
Hey same
I've been doing the same thing since 14
I don't do this but it's something I yearn for - lately I've been watching a romance anime and it's so cute watching how they interact but it only serves to remind me that I don't have that, never did, and never will.
I legit cry eveynight because of the emptiness of my bed
I don't have an imaginary person to sleep with, but I do hug my pillow, and sometimes my cat sleeps next to me ❤️
It's David Tennant for me haha
David Tennant. Or Broadchurch's Alec Hardy
Our Lord and saviour Obi Wan Kenobi
He’s a cheating scumbag, unfortunately.
Haha, why won't it be
For me it’s just a nameless chick who actually cares about me, sucks that it can’t be real
Lol he’s gross to me, I don’t get why people like him
Well, you know my chat is always open...hehe
We're in the same boat. Hopefully we both can get out of this nightmare un the future
Messaged you haha
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/koej5i/damn_the_odds_were_never_in_my_favor/
You have to deal with life with the hand of cards you were given and luck of dice. Unfortunately I got an extremely horrid hand of cards and I’m pretty doomed. Same with luck nothing goes “my way” but I see other people who I thought were “like me” and they had luck on their side and did get the girl.   What’s the point of this horrid and miserable life if in the end I can’t even be happy? Yes a relationship would be great, but I can’t even have that when all of society deems my color of skin as trash and undesirable. Truly a fate worse than death, being an outcast only due to appearances. They judge me before they even get to know me...
I feel the same way man.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/koakur/how_to_suppress_emotions_and_feelings/
What's the point of being an emotional guy with feelings when nobody is there beside you? You may divert mind for some time, but then it strikes back, and keep hitting harder every time. Looking at everyone happy being with their SO beside them in there good and bad times, and me just being lonely, never had anyone throughout my life.  Forget about KHHV things, I spent whole college time without even talking with girls. It's not that I don't like talking with girls. I don't know how to talk. People says it's about confidence, tried that too. It feels like confidence is kinda like money you put on the table, and genes are your cards. It doesn't matter how much money you put on table, the only way to win is to have better cards than others. You got better cards, more money you put on the stake, more you'll win. Bad cards, you'll lose all. People who says it's all about confidence, don't need confidence anyway.  Imagine putting all your time, energy, money, everything, to improve yourself, just to get something but never got it in the end, while everyone not doing anything out of their comfort zone, just get it anyway, and then tells you to improve yourself to get the same thing.  This new year, everyone was enjoying their time with friends, and I was just watching memes to divert my mind from all the bad things happened with me. I hate these festivals. I don't wanna go anywhere. I just don't wanna feel anything, anymore.
Man... its been so long. Its something that you just somehow do, i used to have a really strong internal monologue and now I have nothing, no thought, no feeling, just an empty mind. Its not a healthy solution mind you, just, thats the way i did it
[deleted]
Asking advice on this sounds impossible, I have been suppressing my emotions for years, everyone has their own ways. I'm not sure how I did it but right now I am starting to feel more again. The feeling of loneliness, embarrasment, sadness is so bad that I wish I would still be suppressing them.
Here's what I learned regarding being emotional. If you're a deep person, let emotions flow through you, aknowledge them and let them pass. It's unsustainable repressing them and even more dangerous ignoring them. You have to let yourself be as you are, do it for yourself because becoming cold, detached and hopeless will only harm you in the long run.  Regarding confidence, this is a tricky advice. I don't agree with this whole "looks" thing, beauty is veery subjective and also confidence (as well as your way of approaching things, of managing problems and emotions) plays a significant part in attractiveness at first sight. These are indirect signals that people are able to perceve almost immediately.  Also, confidence increase only if you succeed at something, but your odds improve significantly if you have faith and trust yourself. You see that this is a very strange circle. What you can do is set very small goals that are easy to achieve, then as you grow more confident (I am talking in very broad terms, it can be applied to anything in life) you can try increasing the difficulty.  Having said that, you can work on yourself because that's what you want, don't do it with an objective in mind, it will only discurage you in case the goal you set for yoirself won't be achieved.  >while everyone not doing anything out of their comfort zone, just get it anyway,  This is a toxic mentality to have. Don't compare yourself to others, because you don't know what they have gone through, what are their struggles and sufferings. You see only the façade, the good parts, the broadcastable parts of their lives that they want you to see. But they have struggles too, you just don't see them and it only increases your jealousy and resentment.   Chose your path and follow it. Don't expect something from others, everyone is the protagonist of their own show but a fleeting side characters in others, but embrace help when it comes. Search for your happiness, but alone. People will come eventually. If not, that's your adventure and their loss.
I don't know if it's good advice but I smoked pot for over a decade, like almost every day, and I think I wiped out my dopamine receptors. I'm still happy and sad sometimes, but mostly I'm just kind of neutral.
As long as it works
I've never been into social situations. I could've, but being extremely introverted, those things scared me. And they still scares me. Now, when I realise it's necessary to go out and meet with people, it's already too late. I never learnt these 'talking' skills, never felt their importance. Things moved on, now I'm stuck with myself.   I tried being a little open and meet new people few weeks ago on an app called bottled. I found that's a very friendly app, sent some messages to a lot of people, never got a reply back. They just kept passing messages to each other. Also being quite ugly, I never stood a chance against 6"5', GreekGod, chizzled jawline chads.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/koc1go/i_tried_opening_up_and_this_is_what_i_got_in/
"I'm sorry but not so long ago you talked about unaliving yourself because you 'know' life will be shit what?"  "I've nothing to say then ig 💀✌️ and yea cuz that's how you've been portraying yourself all this time and just complain about life😃"   I feel like I'm the asshole I think I'm going to stop talking to people again and just keep everything to myself, it's not worth hurting this much and losing attachments because of it.
The sad truth is that when you are a person that exudes a lot of negativity (for whatever reason), nobody is going to want to put up with that for very long. When people see that nothing they say to you has any impact, chances are they will become more and more discouraged to talk to you further. At least these were my own observations.
I keep my mask on around other people and never open up however with one person I try to be as upfront as possible and take off the mask
I also tried to open up and got burnt. Never again. People on social media loves to tell us to "start a conversation, create dialogue, open up for mental health" but the same people that say that will shut me out for opening up. I understand why they do it, it just feels like a bunch of empty platitudes that they say to make themselves feel better
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ko80w3/heres_hoping_that_this_year_goes_better_for/
Wish you guys the best. Appreciate ya.
yep, happy new year!
ey little late, but happy new year!
I wonder if I'll actually meet a girl and lose my virginity at the ripe old age of 25...
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ko3gbd/why_is_it_so_damm_easy_for_others/
Why? What's the secret? Why can't we figure it out? What's the big difference that makes meeting people and forming even temporary relationships impossible? That's what's so frustrating about this, there's no clear answers, there's no obvious reasons that it should be this way. Being difficult but with opportunities would be one thing, but I can't even get far enough to get rejected. I just get abandoned and forgotten.
They likely were exposed to social situations at a younger age hence it comes as second nature. Other things include being neurotypical, being into an array of general interests, and a somewhat stable childhood.   Regardless of that. There is often more behind the scenes than what is presented.
Neurotypical, attractive, etc
Because they’re either A) a woman, or B) an attractive man. That’s it. That’s the secret to easily getting into relationships.
The answer is looks.  It's just that we have been told by society that this isn't the answer, much like it was hearsay back in the days to claim the Sun to be the center of the solar system.  "Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth."  — Arthur Conan Doyle
I've been called "inhuman" (and many other variations on that), all my life. I was cast out from society.  I am a Targeted Individual and Alien Abductee Experiencer.  I came to painfully accept that the vast majority of the human race has never and could never accept me.  I am made of different materials.  I love and adore all animals and they are my family.  They became my family.  I spent years and years bashing my head against a brick wall wondering why people ran the other way when I came near.  There was nothing obvious (to me), there was nothing explained.  I was shunned from communication, people were icy cold to me, people complained if I tried to join the group or interact at all.  I was beyond confused because it went against all I had been taught from toddler years onward.  Just be kind, and people will be kind back.  Just practice good manners, just "get involved," just reach out, just become educated, just be honest, be confident, be vulnerable, be clean, be well-dressed, be loving, and the world's your oyster because "we are all created equal.. "  The lies society tells us from childhood.  The ignorance.  I could do all of the above and put more effort and passion into anything I did, no matter, I was not welcome on the lunch table, recess field or church pew.  People reacted to me like "just get away" on sight.  I had a child freak out and call me "Frankenstein" on sight, and bare her teeth at me.  I had not even paid an ounce of attention to the child till she was screaming in the restaurant all because I was eating there.  That's how my life has gone.  It's funny because the animals are reaching for me.  The dogs on walks, they are wagging their tails, they are looking at me and wagging their tails and saying *my friend!!* and I am nodding back and yet the people dance around me and I've learnt to dance around them.  So yes it is easier, everything in life is easier for the many because :  *If the world hates you,(A) keep in mind that it hated me first.  If you belonged to the world, it would love you as its own. As it is, you do not belong to the world, but I have chosen you(B) out of the world. That is why the world hates you.*  Because I am a child of God.  Because I am not meant to be embraced by this world system but to rise above it.  I was not born of materials to belong, which is why for the most part I am vehemently rejected by others immediately and why my general experience of life has been that of the kicked and wounded dog.  But what I have slowly learnt to do is stop chasing others, allow those who choose to be a part of my life to be a part of it, and allow the multitude of humanity to pass me by unnoticed (or worse).  I keep my heart open to be loved- for I can love deeply and with loyalty- but I will beg no one for it.    It is hard not to envy the multitude to whom all the greatest things in life, the love, belonging and comfort, flow like wine.  But someone once told me God gives his greatest gifts on earth to those he hates the most.  Belonging in this world is not a possibility for me, I look only to God, to the animals, and those few persons who have chosen to stand by my side.  Yes it has been an unimaginably hard and bitter road, but I would not take the comforts and pleasures of this life in exchange for my soul.
looks
[deleted]
You have to be someone's type - everything else is pretty much secondary.
I've been told before that confidence is key, and I'll go ahead and add personality to that list.  From my personal experience too, we may feel like we have a strong personality, are funny, or kind, even any other feeling, but it ends up others feel the opposite.  Past experience can hinder things too.  I spent high school watching everyone else in my class fall in love and attend proms and dances together and do all the cute Instagram type things while I worked my butt off outside of school to get away from it all because I couldn't stand it anymore.  Even attempts to meet someone from another school went south.
Looks, hehe
Well it depends what you mean by "easy".  I personally don't see a bunch of 2 month long relationships as a success for example.  Or some people I know go out together for like a year even, but see each other 2 times in a month and break up when they get bored for the first time.  There's very few people that got together and successfully worked through many problems over the course of many years as far as I know.
It’s really just putting yourself out there in social situations. Whenever I go to a party I just try to talk to as many people as possible and try to have a fun conversation. There are a lot of social queue’s how you can tell someone is interested in listening. I also often try to say something interesting or funny to get a reaction and keep the conversation flowing. That’s probably the easiest way to make friends and get girls interested in you. You do have to make an effort though  Edit: you guys can downvote me if you want, but this is literally just an answer on the question based on my own experience. You guys love to complain, but aren’t willing to listen
They try... a lot, it's not worth the effort tho
What I deeply regret is being scared to make friends when I was a child. It's maddening as an adult because it is VERY easy to make acquaintances on a superficial level. So goddamn easy for me to do but to actually connect with people is hard. I feel I'm always the one reaching out and it's barely reciprocated. Everybody just wants to drink and shit like that but I just want to hang out.
I was homeschool my whole life and never really met anyone. I've had the same 3 friends my whole life. Meeting new people is just weird
The harsh truth most fear of.
I feel like you have to be more than just attractive. Sure you'll get laid if you're attractive but you won't get into a relationship if you're just a boring person.
It's not looks, because even unattractive find relationships somehow.
Beep. Boop. I'm a robot. Here's a copy of   ###[Frankenstein](https://snewd.com/ebooks/frankenstein/)  Was I a good bot? | [info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/) | [More Books](https://old.reddit.com/user/Reddit-Book-Bot/comments/i15x1d/full_list_of_books_and_commands/)
>make the most with the cards you've been dealt  And then when you fail you'll be accused of being lazy and not trying hard enough...
Why does everyone always think that I don't put any effort in? If it was as simple as that it wouldn't be so damn frustrating. I put in effort, I try to get out, I try to work on myself, and all I get is ignored and ghosted.
They don't try a lot, it just happens to them.
Well for the drinking and shit, thats how many people hang out. They drink, tell jokes and share stories. In some cases, you can still have fun with them without drinking or you could look for those that don't drink
Homeschooling will definitely impact social skills. If anything, you could try meeting mutual friends through those 3 as a way to become more comfortable
Being attractive in itself makes you interesting  Some good looking dude could stand in the corner of a party all night and be called “laid back, mysterious, confident, unworried” etc  An ugly guy could do the exact same thing and be a boring, creepy weirdo. That’s my point.
I’m not saying you don’t put in any effort, that’s too simplistic, I’m saying you’re probably putting in the wrong effort. Apart from putting yourself out there, you also need to sound interesting or worth listening/talking to. If that doesn’t happen then basically putting yourself out there is a waste of time
And how do you know that  ?
So you're saying I'm boring. Why does everyone always assume that too? They know nothing about me, but they just want to blame me. This is about as ignorant as asking if I shower and saying that's the problem. And how fucking interesting do I have to be? People just as boring as me have no problem finding relationships, and they don't even check the other boxes of exercising and wearing clothes that fit properly as part of the rest of the unhelpful advice that gets offered all the time.    Seriously, if it was as simple as the shitty advice that always gets offered here, then this wouldn't be such a problem. I can't even get a girl to talk to me for more than a couple of days, and that's while doing all the heavy lifting of the conversation and only getting back one syllable answers. The longest "relationship" I've ever had was because she kept asking to borrow money, as soon as I said no I never heard from her again. This shit fucks with a person, makes me wonder what the fuck is wrong with me, why can't anyone ever want me.
Happened to my childhood friend
If you talk to girls who only give one word replies then you’re just unlucky and she’s just boring. There are a lot of interesting girls though. Other guys who are boring and get girls I’ve seen are either really good looking, do something interesting in life or are also hooking up with a boring girl. It’s quite rare though to find a guy who is boring. Almost always people can sound interesting if they put in some effort
Thats a very small sample size.
Nah, I've seen it, or at least the results. They just form relationships out of nowhere, get married, and have a kid. It's more confusing than a cell phone to an old person.
For someone who never experienced mutual attraction it's completely alien concept because it's not part of our normal experience.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/knu0lo/i_hate_everything_about_myself/
My looks,my voice,my personality, my life, everything about me is undesirable, I will never feel proud about myself, I will never feel confident, I will never feel desired, no women will ever want to date me, they have no reason too, there are so many guys out there with great personalities and decent looks, even if they’re desperate there are plenty of other ugly guys with good personalities, guys who don’t have to lie about themselves just to be slightly interesting
Same. I don't just hate myself. I hate my life and this entire civilization as well.
Same here. Sadly, it only gets worse from here.
I feel the exact same way. I can’t in gods name imagine any women on this earth looking at me in a romantic light. I crave affection but am cursed with none. Absolutely anything at this point would be better than suffering
Dude, I'd hug you. Even if it's not much of a consolation at all, your pain is shared and very much understood. Believe that.
Same.
Same. I can’t even learn anything new because I’m fucking stupid brain dead zombie. Only my death would be meaningful.
I dont hate everything about myself. When i look at the details of my personality i might actually be quite a good guy to hang around with. Im not ugly just below average and i also never hurt anyone wether feelings or physically so im basically harmless to people.  But when i take all of these things and put them together. Man i dont know why i hate this guy to his guts.
Ey man at least your dick is bigger than 59% of the population
For you, what is an interesting personality ?
you not alone bro 😎
I literally spend New Year’s in my car, completely alone, with my car broke down on the side of the road while everyone I knew was out at a party. My car was dead in 28F and all I had was a phone at 4%, watching the fireworks around me go off at 12, enjoy your life brocel.   I don’t know you, but always remember that not everyone is interest in the most exciting partners or hobbies to begin with.
It's sad you feel this way. I'm sorry. Mainly because it's bullshit. But you still think it. No one should feel like this. Stop living your life to percieved standards set by others. Own who you are and see the greatness in yourself not the flaws .
Cool, but did you know you could save 15% or more when you switch to Gecko insurance?
Feeling same today
Same.
Same, man.
Same.
Same bro.. same. I just don’t get why the fuck I was born
In my case, it's completely justified even in others' perspective
i've never had self esteem but man you need to talk to an expert
Sounds like you have your life in order. 👌🏻
You might chance your mind if you saw me
Oh my God this comment, as well as others I read here, is heartbreaking.  I get where you're coming from, I was there too. I did not hate my appearance but I could not stand being me, I loathed myself so much I became suicidal. The sad part is that it was all in my head, I held (and I continue to do it) myself at such high standards that it was impossible to achieve them. I failed and failed and cried myself to sleep.  I was not, although, what I thought, my view of myself was distorted and wrong. I think yours is too, and is only holding you back form the happiness you could have if only you could love yourself more.   Also, as a girl, I can say that many insecurities guys have about their appearance are not a problem at all for may of us. We have them too and I think the more sensible a person is, the more they will judge themselves harder.  I am sending a big hug to you, I hope one day you will accept and be happy with yourself, really.
Where have I stated my size?
somebody who you want to talk too, somebody who you look forward to seeing, someone who actually has interests and hobbies that aren’t basic
Eh, that only makes it take a bit more effort. You’re worth the effort, friend.  Those that won’t put forth the effort aren’t worth worrying about.
You havent but I'm gonna assume you do it takes a lot of balls to be able to point out your own flaws and thats pretty admirable to me
You don't have interests and hobbies ? I don't think that this two things makes someone interesting, imagine a girl that have this two, did it make she interesting ?
i wanted to cry reading this
I rarely get compliments so thanks
I have them but they’re all stupid and basic
Anytime papi
That's a bit much. Most people have pretty lame and basic hobbies. The "interesting" ones are just better at presenting the things they like.
just kiss already!
😳
I ship it
I've always wanted a femboyfriend (femboy > "real" women) but now I'm gonna be that femboyfriend? One way to start 2021
I personally prefer women but hey if dating a guy means I get love then I accept it
That, my friend, is what I call being genderfluid out of desperation which is something I relate to in more ways then one
lol someone should screenshot this tread and post it on r/shippingredditors
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/koltb6/should_i_try_out_an_online_gfe/
i’ve never had a girlfriend and no women have even talked to me (outside of just obligatory small talk at my work etc.) in over six months.  i really just want a girl who will listen to my venting and interests and not leave me on read. send good morning messages, make me feel desirable, etc. i don’t just want sex, honestly i barely want that at all right now... so please no ‘just hire an escort’ comments  i’m pretty shy and awkward so it’s been tough. dating apps never work. plus there are no girls in my rl who have the same interests as me, and my anxiety makes it hard to approach them anyway (thoughts like ‘will i say the wrong thing? what if i upset her?’ etc.)  i recently just learned about virtual gfe (girlfriend experience— basically you pay a girl to treat you like you’re her bf for the day) and looked into it. i found a girl on twitter who i have been messaging to possibly work something out, and she’s been really sweet and attentive, everything i’ve been missing. she even likes similar anime to me and offered to watch some that i recommended, possibly WITH me in a call if i go through with the arrangement. it’s $20 for a day or $100 for a week.  should i do it? it should in theory eliminate my anxieties about being left on read or fearing i’ve upset her. i have the money and i’m kind of excited which i haven’t felt in a while, but i’m also anxious because i’ve heard at least one story of a guy ordering the gfe and it being underwhelming and ego-crushing because the girl was still leaving him on read and not messaging him much even when she was being paid to.  i’m hoping that was just a bad apple though. this girl who i’m talking to has been responding quickly and very compassionately and i haven’t yet even paid her. what do you think?
She's being nice and replying quickly because if she didn't her services wouldn't be selling. Don't mistake her interest for genuine interest; she's trying to sell you a product.
What exactly are you hoping to get out of it?
I would try it out for a week, it isn’t a huge amount of money. Report back, I might be interested myself
It's completely up to you, but I wouldn't. A lot of the women who sell those stuff see you as a broken person to be made money off. Honestly, in my opinion, these services are just geared towards taking advantage of socially isolated men. I wouldn't want to take part in that. I know the idea of a girl talking back to you might be an unrivalled feeling, but just try to make some good online friends with the same interests as you and it seriously helps me with the feeling of loneliness when I'm not around my family.   It might help you with the anxiety of being left on read but if it's still happening to you outside of these services, then are you not just technically stuck in the same place?
I mean, personally dont recommend it- but that kind of connection IS important. and sometimes you might want to just.. have that kind of care, just for a day. Even if you know its somewhat risky.. and not 'real'.  At the end of the day, its up to you. Do it if you want, but its important to be aware its a service.  Best of luck.
DO NOT DO IT... THIS IS BASICALLY LIKE ONLYFANS.. THE GIRL JUST WANTS YOUR MONEY AND YOURE ONLY GOING TO INFLATE HER EGO WHILE RUINING YOUR SELF ESTEEM EVEN MORE. ITS ALL A FAKE..THEY ARE TAKING ADVANTAGE OF LONELY GUYS LIKE US FOR THEIR OWN GAIN. DO NOT DO IT
Kind of sounds like onlyfans but more expensive, just waste of money for something that is not real
What are your interests that you say nobody shares?
i definitely came across more disillusioned than i intended in my post...sorry about that. i do realize she is just trying to sell her service. i guess it’s all part of the fantasy and it’d be dangerous to think of it as more real than it is. knowing that, i do still want to try it though...
temporarily experiencing what it’s like to have a girlfriend minus all the stuff that gives me anxiety, i guess.. maybe like a practice round? or just filling that void at least for a little while.
i see...i know she’s just trying to sell a service, i guess it would be dangerous to believe it was 100% authentic. i don’t really understand your last question though— you mean, once the experience is over, i’m back to where i started? yeah, i guess i know that in my head— but even temporary bliss would be nice. (and maybe it could give me some much-needed practice talking to girls in depth, idunno)
i guess it’s like onlyfans but far more personal and intimate for sure, with calls and stuff. definitely more appealing to me so worth the price imo. everyone has different tastes though so it’s understandable if you’re not into that
i didn’t say nobody shares them. just no girls who i know or have met through dating apps.  just things like certain anime, certain kinks, diablo 2, speedrunning. yes i’m aware that women who are interested in these things exist, i just have yet to find more than a few, the few being girls who don’t want a relationship.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ko6w69/rang_in_the_new_year_crying_and_alone/
I am with my best friend who I told I liked. But doesn’t feel the same. He decided at 11:58 to go to the bathroom to probably text his new girl. While I sat on our couch crying and alone while ringing in the new year. Here’s to year whatever of being single AGAIN!
I feel ya. Times like these the loneliness hits hardest. No one to celebrate with, or kiss, or even hug for that matter. Hope the new year brings something unexpected and good to your life.
I texted the only girl I’ve actually talked to in the past year “Happy New Year” and got nothing
I spent NYE with the family this year and while that was better than spending it completely alone I would have rather spent it with friends.  I've been so upset lately that I tried reaching out to someone I last spoke to almost two years ago on Snapchat and the message is still unopened two days later, shows how much they miss me.
[deleted]
Thank you! You too!!!
No one said it to me either. And I said it him and several other friends and got nothing. So I understand what your going through. Sorry she didn’t text back
I know the feeling. Sorry your going through that
Not an option at this moment
Sorry. :( life sucks
Well I hope you have a wonderful new year!
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ko13mh/thats_another_year_gone/
Listening to my playlist and hearing fireworks. Fireworks being watched and enjoyed by loving couples who are madly in love and ready to enjoy another year together.  And here's us, on our computers and phones on reddit waiting for the obligatory NY posts on this sub.  Well, here's for us lonely people. With some luck, maybe this is the year for us? I hope so.
And with my current path, killing myself by 2025. I keep going to see if life improves. But im 21, no friends, haven't had a hug since I was 16, never kissed anyone and essentially a monk. But I have hope, if it gets better then great. If it doesn't, then it doesn't matter, my family will get over it, no friends to be affected. In either case, my suffering will end
I'll hope so too
Some of us escape every year, maybe it'll finally be our turn :')
I like that you are still holding out hope. I’m rooting for you and every FA on this sub to break free of the shackles of total social ostricization and attain happiness, if even temporarily. You know how we see that one off success post every now and then, well next year we are bound to get more, therefore people are succeeding, so I mean statistically there is a chance.
Not to be too negative, but I prefer to look at it as another year closer to the end.   If my life stays on its trajectory it’s on right now it’s only gonna get worse. So in a sense the idea this will be over one day(happy or sad life) is strangely comforting
Don’t compare yourself to other people. You are focusing on a hypothetical situation and forgetting the painful reality of everyone’s life. Yes, it sucks to be alone, but some people are in toxic relationships. I don’t want to belittle your pain, just to say that you have to find the good in your own life and remember that there is pain in everyone else’s even if they hide it. Shit, theres probably someone jealous of you
We're all gonna make it bro.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ko776c/new_year_same_feelings/
Literally I'm starting the new year year with the same way to began, just in a lot of pain, girl I had a crush on abandoned me, friends all busy with their own lifes to bother with me, family miles away from me and being stuck at work. I just feel so damn alone. Just looking at the sky and wishing for a miracle I know isn't going to happen. I just wish I had someone in my life. Everything just feels so damn empty nowadays.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ko692b/happy_new_year_everyone/
Here’s to another year of loneliness
happy new year
cheers
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ko3ptn/a_few_things_from_my_experience_that_make_the_fa/
Since a new year just started and in the spirit of trying to be better human beings and all, I'd like to take the liberty of giving out some advice to those of us out there who are feeling especially depressed and down about their situation. This is just coming from my own experience, so I'm not pretending this is gonna help everyone, but my hope is it will make at least a few people's lives a bit easier.  **tl;dr: Steps to find peace of mind while being FA: cut yourself off from all external sources of low self esteem, aim to cultivate at least one real friendship with someone who lives in your area, indulge in your hobbies no matter what they are and get rid of your sexual urges and hire escorts.**   Now let me elaborate.   - **cut yourself off from all external sources of low self esteem and gain your independence if possible**. That means that if you have friends or family who abuse you verbally and/or physically, treat you like garbage, aren't supportive of you and don't have your best interest at heart, you need to cut them from your life ASAP. Stop stressing yourself out by trying to impress them thinking they'd change or whatever. They are shit people and you'd be much better off cutting all contact with them. Cut all contact with toxic people and move on your own or with people who genuinely support you. Now if you're still a teenager who is abused verbally and/or physically by your family and you can't move out, I'm deeply sorry for you and I urge you to move out of there as soon as you're old enough to get a job. This point also applies to media. Avoid any form of media, movies, shows, songs or books that have to do with love and relationships. Don't torture yourself. You're not the target audience.    - **aim to cultivate at least one real friendship with someone who lives in your area and to whom you're not attracted to sexually**. The easiest way is to do something nice for someone while not asking for anything in return. If the person, later on, does something nice to you by their own free will and they seem supportive of you, then you have a winner. That is a good person you can confide in. Living in the same area means an easier time meeting up, which aleviates loneliness. Them being a good friend means you get to spend time with someone who gets you and supports you, which, in my experience, matters a lot. If you can make 2 or 3 close friends you can meet up with regularly, that's even better.    - **indulge in your hobbies, no matter what they are.** Do whatever YOU want to do with your time, dude. Normal people aren't trying to do shit they don't like or act like someone they're not for the explicit reason of maximizing their chances to impress some girl or whatever. In their free time, they just do whatever makes them happy and that's it. So if you like video games or anime or comic books, don't make yourself mizerable on purpose by trying to force yourself to like things you're not really into. If it's a social hobby like travelling, you don't need to be in a relationship to find someone to travel with. Join a travel group or look for group tours with open reservations. It's an excellent opportunity for socialization and making friends with people you share a common interest with.  - **get rid of your sexual urges and hire escorts.** This may be risky depending on where you live and you might have to travel (hey !) to somewhere where it's safe to do legally, but IMO it's a huge game changer. Think about it. For many of us here, sex is the main source of misery in our lives. We're frustrated because we're being denied the opportunity to have it. And since sex is the foundation of a healthy relationship and future family, we're denied the opportunity to have those, too. But because we're FA, the lack of sex experience discourages us to pursue sex in the first place because everyone we'd sleep with has more experience and, thus, expects a skilled partner, and it makes life as a virgin super hard. Banging escorts solves this problem by turning sex from a mythical, divine wonder we're missing out on into something mundane and manageable. It makes you less desperate and also more experienced for the real partners that you want. Yes, escorts don't really love you, but they love money and the good ones know really well how to make you feel wanted and desired sexually, trust me.   Me personally, after cutting away the negative shit in my life, becoming self-sufficient, actually enjoying my free time and effectively replacing relationships with escorts and actual real friendships to get my sexual and emotional needs met, I can say I feel pretty damn good about my life currently. Am I truly happy ? No, I still want a girlfriend and a family of my own someday. But, at the same time, existence is not so bad all of a sudden. A relationship would be a nice addition, but it's no longer the be-all-end-all in my life.   Thank you for listening to my Ted Talk and Happy New Year !
I disagree about hiring hookers and stuff, but de first 3 topics is nice to read. Also: get rid off your social media like instagran and tinder.
I don’t agree with everything here, but the advice is heartfelt and thoughtful.
Clearly well intentioned, but I don't fully agree with the advice here.
I disagree with hiring Escorts, I want to have sex with somebody who I care about,who cares about me, and who is actually wanting it
I think escorts are not very different from masturbation. But I agree with the rest.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ko4gku/do_you_ever_stop_asking/
The beginning of 2020, I was employed, I had a positive housing situation ie a healthy environment that was secure. I was coming out of my shell at work, dare i say developing relationships.  The end of 2020, I am homeless, unemployed, not a person alive to call a friend. And certainly no women into me. I mean there was one , but I scared her off.   I know I came a long way this year. I didn't touch cocaine at all this year. I stopped drinking soda. I started working out, semi regularly (its hard to get a schedule in when your living situation is blowing up constantly) Got my notary commission I am not as stressed as i used to be*  * not stressed. But still alone. Still miserable.  Still wondering why I keep going?  For context, and i mean its probably my fault im 26 and a bum living back his moms, but yea my mom wants to throw me out into the cold on the whim of her husband. The irony is he put his hands on me earlier and I could have had his ass thrown in jail for battery.  Again i must ask, whats the point? I refrain from doing so , to remain the bigger man?  Shit I refrained from gutting him where he stood, again, to be the bigger man?    I am wondering do we ever just accept that maybe some of us are doormats?  Maybe we're meant to get shit on.    Sorry if this is too much.   Edited to add my notary commission accomplishment. I probably accomplished more too so maybe ill more if/when I remember.   I guess it helps to see that I did things this year even though i feel like dying.
On the plus side, if you’re living with your mom, at least you’re not actually homeless. It’s something
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ko5e0f/already_year_ruined/
Got blocked AGAIN after showing my face. Screenshotted too. Everything has lost it’s meaning. I can’t even sleep at night because my tears prevent me from it. I go to sleep at 7 am and wakeup 1-2 pm. I don’t find anything fun. I got no social status whatsoever, I am just a rat in a kitchen everyone just wants me dead.
I get blocked just for sending Hi! For real. Its terrible and funny at the same moment
I'm right there with you i have nobody at all alone 24/7 outside of my slavejob that i am now a prisoner at now i know what it feels like to be a inmate. what really sucks is seeing these people come in and out holding hands friendships relationships happiness rubbed in my face everyday for 9 hours a day for me to just go home alone with no hope of ever finding anyone or anything i want to be done with this world and just drift off in my sleep. but no i keep waking up every day to experience the same thing every day pure loneliness nothing ever changes ever. i give up.
Learn the lesson: don't do it.  Don't show your face. Say WHY you don't want to show your face. Cull the superficial. The genuine will EVENTUALLY sift through.
I feel you. It feels so empty. Like you are a robot. You do the same things everyday and come home tired.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/koa0vq/again_300am_new_years_day_im_26_im_not_content/
I'm 26, 27 this 2021, while my life isn't complete shit, and I'm very blessed to have both my parents who I love in my life, a career that seems to be worth the hassle. What else do people want in life?  I've always craved more, a deep connection, someone that knows me better than myself, someone that I envision myself with on these monumental days such as NYE, even if we weren't doing anything special, just being together filling that pit in our hearts.   I used to be so outgoing, but something happened, I don't know if it was my first heartbreak or not but within that same year or so I just changed, then joy was gone, the willingness and desire to socialize just seemed like more work than it was worth, I started to expect too much from people or maybe I just always assumed they let me down. I know my plight is starting to become more common among people our age, that of a hermit, and while it is more on the comforting side, it's not where I expected myself to be at this point in life.  My last romantic relationship was now 4 years ago, granted I haven't really tried really hard to meet people in the normal going out sense, but those that I do meet lead to nothing but disappointment. Don't get me wrong-a lot of them are great people, but we just want either different things or we communicate on a whole different level that it sometimes seems to talk is a waste of time, words just being consumed not understood.   I've always wanted to travel, but I always envisioned it with someone, someone like my gf or wife. Sometimes I watch these cooking shows where they go out late at night in a part of the world and they just go live, they go drink and eat and talk and just have fun. I envisioned myself doing that with my friends, but i really don't have any, the one that i do have would not be into that, and the other lives to far away, and even then I doubt shed be into that. Either way, I still enjoy watching these shows because they just something I enjoy so much about seeing people be happy, even if it's just for a night.  I'm kind of a sensitive guy I feel, and not so much in that I take offense to things easily, but I just wear my heart on my shoulder, I really don't enjoy being mean just for the sake of it, I tend to be kind to people unless they give me reasons not to, but I think because of this and other things in my life had led me to have drastic trust issues that have held me back in life, especially in the more social and romantic side of my life. back in highschool, I used to be the little leader of my group of friends, i used to talk to everyone, from every little click or group, it was so easy to, it came naturally, but now? Now that's not the case. I guess I do judge easily, but in my defense, I've used it as a coping mechanics, or to protect myself or my own expectations of people.   My parents are getting older, and while they don't completely understand me either, I love them dearly, and even though I don't practice any religion, I pray to god that they don't get taken sooner than they have to, I love them dearly, and I want them to be there if I'm lucky to find my girl to get married to, to see me have kids, but at 27 I start to get anxiety if I'll ever be so lucky to be in that position. Since I'm self-employed it's so difficult to make friends and date, but I guess I gotta stop complaining about it and figure out how to make it work for me. I need to meet people, understand that some i will connect with and some others i won't, but I guess I'm just so tired or scared even to open my self up and have that trust broken. But based one people i talk to the going-out dating scene seems like it'll end up in hurt, like do girls go out and party to meet a bf or just to have fun? Where do hopeless romantic girls go out to? Im not trying to go fuck the first girl who comes around, i mean for fucks sake I've saved my V-Card thus far, we'll see if that end up being the right choice, wait no, it is, I keep doubting it, but I know how I am, and going that route will not end well with me.  Love? How does one know when one has found it? No I'm not talking about the butterflies you get when you meet someone new or those first few months, but that love where you look into someone's eyes and get to their soul, knowing that they would never intentionally hurt you, knowing that you can trust them to be your partner in this journey called life, to be the mother of my children, to give up anything for me? how do you know your not the one putting in your heart and soul into someone, giving them your all, and thinking they are doing the same just for years down the road you realize they didn't really know what they felt or wanted? How can you know when someone is right for you? I guess I hope to have that answer someday. I'm just ranting trying to get my thoughts down even if its not coherent. Maybe I'm depressed? Fuck if i know, but i know I'm not getting medicated for it, i know im cable of beating it, i have my vices, and I'm able to beat those down. Life is never constant, its always up and down and hopefully this past decade was just a lower point on that road.
I know it's easier said than done, but getting out of that comfort zone is definitely key. Things happen when you least expect them, maybe clubbing? Going to a pub? Dating apps are also pretty good for just meeting new friends in general, there are plenty of people just looking for a friend to have a drink or grab food with or something, share some laughs ya know. It's just that transition, similar to jumping into a pool, it'll be cold when you hop in but after your settled it's warm and you're glad you did jump in, if that makes sense haha.
>My last romantic relationship
A subreddit for Forever Alone. **lonely depressed sad anxiety**   Rule #2 Do not tell anyone they are not forever alone enough to be here. Foreveralone has no firm definition. Forever Alone is not something you achieve, its something you use to describe yourself.  &#x200B;  Thanks
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ko4fjf/and_so_2020_comes_to_an_end_and_im_still_a/
Just another dogged New Years Eve post. Another year comes to an end and I get to spend it alone. Looking at social media is soul crushing seeing my peers hanging out with their friends and loved ones, while I spend what little of an evening I have on the internet before I have to go wage slave tomorrow. Still an omega male, still friendless, still a KHV loser.   &#x200B;  But I'm sure 2021 will be better. Lol, yeah right.
Stop looking at social media so much: it's like being hungry and looking at pics of food you can't eat. You're hurting yourself: look at literally anything else.
Don't call yourself a loser. I detest this word more than anything else. I don't think this should be applied to anyone; sometimes my family members (young ones) call me that, I don't respond and let them know by ignoring them for a couple of weeks/months.   This fucking word has too much negative connotation associated with it.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ko6ozx/why_do_i_feel_worse_when_im_with_my_only_friends/
So it's been twenty days since I've talked to my friends, and I felt pretty lonely in that timespan. So I eventually talk to them again, and I feel worse now. I know that a few of them had plans for new years with other people, but i feel left out. No one responded to the new year message. And i cant help but feel that i get a little jealous of my friends' relationships, it somehow makes me feel more isolated. I feel worse now that I've talked to them again, and I don't know what to do.
Are these people actual friends or just people you know? Have any of them tried contacting you in the last twenty days?
This is my exact scenario. Word for word. That's weird.
There was a circumstance that made it impossible for us to talk, I think I would consider them friends
Dang
I honestly wish I could help
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kny09v/heres_to_all_of_you_whom_also_celebrate_this_day/
You might be alone but you are not alone being alone if you catch my drift.
[deleted]
Whats to celebrate?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kntmvy/the_advice_youll_hear_from_the_lucky/
„If you want something you need to go get it. You can’t just lay on your couch the whole day and wait for things to happen. Your loneliness is your own fault.   Don’t force it too much though... You don’t want to push anyone away. Sometimes you need to lay back and trust the flow. Relationships and friendships need to happen organically. If you force it too much, it will be repelled by you and leave. Just have faith.   Also make sure that you work on yourself and improve your looks for example, your posture, your attitude. Basically, become someone you are not and become like me, who 90% of people are like too. Then you will be loved.   But also learn to love yourself first. Nothing is more unattractive than somebody with low self esteem. So in order to be loved, you gotta love yourself first. You see, we people both love and hate people who don’t care what other people think of them. But out of those, we only love those who are already cool and fit societal expectations anyway.  But also: _don’t become a narcissist._ Or should I say, somebody’s toxic psychopath narc ex. God forbid, that would be the worst. So by all means, love yourself because nobody’s going to love you otherwise, but don’t love yourself too much either. You still have to care a little what I and others think.  You see, I’m not telling you this so you actually love yourself. I’m just telling you to love yourself so _I_ don’t need to love you, and so that you can love me later on instead. I’m telling you to fill your own cup so I can drink from it.“  End of quote.
Lemme ask you something. I always have had issues with the line "you got to love yourself before you love others." How do I love myself if I keep getting hurt over and over. How do I love myself if I keep getting rejection. It's a horrible cycle. I have low self esteem cause people keep hurting me cause I'm ugly, but my low self esteem just adds on to my unattractiveness ya know?
Any effort will have you labelled as needy once people perceive you as less desirable. There's no way to win at this game  - not if you're alone and unable to hide it.  People (others guys usually ) I barely knew have invited me over to their flats, told me their life stories, suggested all sorts of things, really got in my face  to the point where it made *me* uncomfortable.   Nothing  ever came of it. I'd follow up with their suggestions and after a while  get predictable brush offs and avoidance.  People often draw you out just to judge you once they realize how empty your existence is. it just  ignore it  now and assume everyone is full of it.
And of course when you ask them how they got their partner it's either the honest "It kinda just happened" or they make up some bs about "game" or "being interesting" to give you hope that you can do it too.
Best shit I read all year
I don't think most people care about FA types enough to try and get vicarious satisfaction from them. I think it's mostly just that people's heads are full of cliches and repeating them sounds like safe advice for seeming helpful and avoiding embarrassment.
Yup
It's almost like different people have different ideas about things and you can't apply everything all of them say as a monolith as though its one mind saying it. Weird huh. You could apply this same logic to people here.
While 'normie bro' advice can be extremely frustrating because it shows how little empathy they have for anyone who deviates from their 'stereotype' you have to understand that most of them aren't being misleading on purpose. It's genuinely that they have no idea why what they do 'just works' so they just regurgitate PC platitudes ;).
What I do to mostly keep my self esteem issues from surfacing every minute of the day is 1. Keeping away from people that hurt me, including interacting with anyone unless needed and 2. Use programming as a coping hobby, aka find a hobby that keeps you at least a little interested, keeps you away from thinking about your issues and makes you actually have to use your imagination (watching movies or playing games or listening to music doesn't require much thinking or imagination which results in you thinking about your problems instead of focusing on something to do). When I make a program it's important I also have a goal for it, a final result, so make sure if you take any hobby like drawing, photoshop, writing etc. you also decide on something you want to do with it and create a plan for it, otherwise it won't keep you engaged in the long term.
The difference is that those various people have all one thing in common.
Finally advice that actually make sense thanks
In that same light everyone here and all incels have one thing in common so are you saying that's its right for people to conflate the two?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/knt1ws/tired_of_being_so_lonely/
I'm lonely all the time, but the New Year blues finally hit and I'm having non-serious suicidal thoughts again, the kind where I'm like "I hope I randomly just die". I've been alone almost all of my 26 year long life. I don't have any guy friends, had a brief stint of dating back in 2017 but she never spent any time with me, so I still felt lonely, after we broke up even more lonely. Needless to say, I'm socially awkward and have never had fulfilling relationships in my life, even with my parents I don't feel close. I'm very shy, very insecure at times, but I'm also confident and I shine sometimes, but not so much with people, moreso academically. All in all, I'm extremely lonely all the time, and the thought of everyone with their sweetheart having a new year kiss makes me feel so left out and like such a failure, and not normal. I want those things too, a group of genuine friends and a girl that cares for me, that's all I really want in life tbh. I can't help thinking that a 26 year old shouldn't be this lonely. Thanks for reading if you did, and Happy New Year to you
[deleted]
r/thanksimcured
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/knhfcy/does_anyone_else_feel_that_youve_wasted_your_life/
I used to post a bit, but I stopped going on this subreddit because it used to make me feel very emotional that as a 25M I've wasted my life, and coming back from here to regain "ground" just won't work.  I'm a KV at my age. Just in the last month, 3 of my high school and university friends have announced an engagement to their LTRs.
It’s hard not to feel like you’ve wasted your life when you’ve missed out on one of the most fundamental human experiences. I also feel like most of my life has been a wash and I’m 22. I’m hoping next year will be better and I can go out and do more things when places open back up.
Yes... I'm 29, I've been hiding in my room for the last 9 years. I have social skills of a 9 year old. I had many opportunities to turn my life around but I wasted every single one of them. I'll be 30 in a few months and there's no roads left for me to take, nothing. The only option that's left for me is suicide.
Yes.   I'm older than most of you.   I agree with "your life's not wasted if you've lived for yourself", but there are couple problems: you have very narrow window s of time within which to find mates and a friend circle - even just to build a bigger one on- find a first job (by 25, you are not just as attractive as people with good internships in their background)...find mates. Hell, to grow. You stop growing in height at 21.   Re: "living for yourself" - it isn't just that people desire companionship, I would say if anything describes my life as an FA, it's unrelenting, extremely painful ineffectuality and failure, characterizing any arena of my life. The people I've spent years attempting to cultivate relationships are horrible or indifferent to me. I can't overdescribe how devastating a toll that takes on your mental health, being unable to form lasting, reciprocative relationships.  If things go wrong during that window, they don't fan out, or you experience huge losses after college (when forming relationships with people in your age cohort is part of your "job")...you're *fucked*. Once you start working or are expected to, that's it. You're either gonna to a lonely, humiliated NEET (long-term unemployment is probably the worst thing that can happen to a job candidate, and of course, it's self-feeding), or you will spend your waking life with coworkers. And those aren't friends. You can be bullied and humiliated like you were in school in an office, harassed - and it affects your ability to feed and clothe yourself.  Alternately, you can become bonded to coworkers and be fired. If you have no real, deep friendships of the type that don't depend on performance or "successfulness", or at least positive relationships where people validate you and relate to you about the stuff that really matters - people you can keep in your life - life is horrible.   I would say most people not only have friends, but as friendships dwindle, they fall back on...spouses. Kids. Family.   Life is very long but the window of time within which to build a life is short, and based heavily on luck.   To say I feel like I "wasted" my life doesn't cover it. I think my life is a sick joke.   Even if I...learned to code; got the surgeries I want so desperately, enduring years of pain, swelling, the the financial costs...I'm almost 40 with no friends. Some acquaintances from high school. I'm with them once every few years for a birthday or something and they just make me feel more alone. In terms of beliefs, values, and experiences, of course, I'm more different from them by the years.   EDIT: I truly believe the key to happiness is getting what you want for your efforts, sentimental or otherwise. It seems obvious but normies can't imagine having desire to be friends with someone or the extension of basic, mutual respect (e.g. with classmates or coworkers who end up bullying you) rejected.   I fantasize more about death with no afterlife than sex. Or at least as much.
Yes!  I have had opportunities but squandered them. Many bad choices that have lead to current life.  Even here on this group, I feel like an outcast. My fault though. I just am past my prime and not relevant to anybody.
lmao yes  I’m a 25M too, and that’s the same thing on my mind. I’ve never had a relationship before, and here and now, I’m witnessing the wasteland and barren future of my “choices”.  It’s like now I’m 25, see the value of marriage and children... but I’m 25 and have never really experienced a woman. Its like, wow, I’ve wasted so much time. And the time I have now is minuscule. I have only 5 years before I’m 30, and once your 30 and over your chances for your kids having biological disorders increases significantly. As so, I don’t even know what I want in a woman.   My educational/career path has run off the road into a ditch. It’s just... my past is just an abomination. And my future will be an abomination. I need a damn miracle to save my fucking life.
I think I am doomed and i can't sleep because I don't find a single reason to wake up the next day
Yeah bro. The day I turn 25 is the day I'm getting off this ride personally. What's the point honestly idk
Very much so. I'm 27 now and when I look at people I went to school with or other people my age, a lot of them are married with kids now, or at least are in long term relationships and heading in that direction. While here I am never having even held hands with a woman and with no idea how to go about getting a date, let alone anything further. I don't know how it's possible to catch up from being this far behind. The fact that I've just missed out on an entire year of my life when I could at least have been trying to socialize and meet people also hasn't helped, but it was too late before that anyway.
To an extent, but at the same time I feel like there was nothing *to* waste initially, I feel like a complete excrescence, entirely superfluous to anything. There was never any life for me to live in the first place.
There just isn’t any point when you just have to look or listen to pretty much any other person, and see what your life could’ve been, instead of the hell it ended up being.
[deleted]
I didn't waste it no, I struggled mightily focused on the plot but I ultimately lost. A life worth living does appear to be virtually impossible for me at this point unfortunately.
25 is still young, relatively speaking. Though, not going to lie, with COVID literally fucking up everyone's plans this year and possibly for a good chunk of the next one, one could say we're all wasting our youth at this juncture. As to your observation that a good chunk of your high school acquaintances/friends are getting hitched by 25, I'm originally from a certain, let's just say, "rustic" region of the United States where you're basically a social failure if you're single post-25. Hell, a good chunk of my high school acquaintances started popping out babies beginning when they were 20, though I think that's more so due to the fact that birth control services are quite lacking down here as opposed to anything else. In any case, I can totally relate to your predicament. I will say, on a more personal note, that it's not fun when your parents had you when you they were quite older than most others in your community and there's that unwritten pressure for you to find someone and have grandchildren before it's too late. Especially when you're an only child.
All our lives and what we do with them are irrelevant. The effects are transitory and the impact is minimal. So it doesn't matter if we "waste" our lives or not.  I'm 33, I'm sure a large majority of my former classmates have gotten married and pumped out kids by now. They're going to contribute to a lousy future, I hope I'll be dead in time to miss the really bad parts and I would be ashamed if I produced kids that had to live through the upcoming bad times.
All the time, my friend. Every single day of 2020 with no relief.
That's the thing, life doesn't always go as the way you want it to.
Yeah, I feel like even if I manage to escape, I'll always have some scars from being unwanted for so many years. I know I'll never feel fully secure in a relationship.
i don't know how life would be if I did things different but I doubt I would be any better because life made who I am, and the only way around this that I can think of is if I started to fake who am I and this is something that I don't really want to do because I would end up being a liar, so... I think this is how my life is supposed to be
Absolutely. I was more capable at 17 that I am at nearly 27.  At 17 I was accepted to med school. Few months later had a terrible accident (medical) which has led to pretty severe mental complications and physical pain daily.   In the last decade I’ve gone from a somewhat promising high school student with a job to a guy who still lives with mon and dad, never had a gf and is now LEGALLY disabled. I barely feel like the same man anymore. I rarely get happy from the stuff I used to even a few years ago.   My life is essentially over and that’s how I see it. It’s really tough to come to grips with. I’m on the autism spectrum and had a tough time my whole life fitting in. But I had hoped college would change that. Lol was I in for a shock.
Sometimes I do get this feeling that I 'wasted the best years being FA' but then I remember that during my 'best years' I was a weird person with extremely low libido and a super distorted view of romantic relationships - aka I thought they are for overattached dependent losers who can't have a good time on their own. So, since I was such an idiot, I f'ing \_deserved\_ what I got, which was \_nothing\_. And this calms me down.
I feel like I've wasted my life by not offing myself sooner
Your life’s not wasted if you’ve lived it for yourself.
Yes. I’m only 18 and I already feel like I’ve wasted my life. I’ve definitely wasted my youth. No friends, never had a relationship. I already feel like I can’t come back from here. Especially with Covid, now I can’t even *try* to make friends because we can’t see people. Another year wasted.  EDIT: Why am I being downvoted lol? Thanks for being a supportive sub, I guess 🙃
22 is still early days my brother, all the bext
Dude, with all due respect, I would kill to be 22 again. As someone in their mid-to-late 20s, I often reflect back on what I consider the wasted years of my early 20s, when I could have "seized the day" as all those trite inspirational posters said in my youth. Applied for more internships/opportunities, learned new skills (e.g. languages), been more socially outgoing, etc. COVID's certainly detrimental to a lot of people right now but don't write off your relative youth as a complete waste just yet.
I turn 29 this year and am in the same boat. Am tired of being my family's black sheep. Sometimes I wish this pandemic would finish me off.
It’s true in that I often think about how narrow of a window everything you need to accomplish in life is.   Able to begin working at 16 but that’s just shitty part time jobs cause HS.   Go to college age 19-22 and get good job around age 23   By the time you’re 25 you’re fucked if you don’t have a few years of decent work experience. Completely fucked. And this also involves everything going absolutely perfect for you at the age of 19-22 which we known doesn’t always work out.   I agree on age 25 number
"Life is very long but the window of time within which to build a life is short, and based heavily on luck." One of the most profound things I've read on this site. I've seen first hand a lot of subpar and mediocre people get everything they want on a silver platter due solely to luck. This includes everything ranging from successful, satisfactory relationships to lucrative job/educational opportunities. Luck is 100% a thing and those who don't agree are  likely deluded by the propaganda they fed us growing up that highly valued, conventionally successful people in society are there simply due to hard work and merit. What a load of shit.
If you have a bachelor's, you can become a nurse. The shortage is dire enough that you will be able to find work despite being weird.
Having kids over 30 is pretty normal nowadays
If you're weird I'm too, I'm more worried about the future because currently I have no prospect of having a formal job
Well, I'm an only child but I'm also an antinatalist so that is most definitely not happening.
2020 has been good to me. I re connected with a close friend who I hadn't spoken to or seen for almost 2 years. She also admitted she pushed me away, then pushed me away again earlier this year.  Since then I've come to some realisations that I need to give 100% of my time to ME, and be selfish for once...because I usually care more about other people's issues than my own.
Same
One of the things you're missing here is foresight... Imagine you're 35, 40 (that could easily be your half-life mark) - I guarantee you that you'll feel the EXACT same way you do now. You'll regret being mid-to-late twenties, being "so young", able-bodied, and capable, and wasting it. The irony of "seizing the day" is that it doesn't matter which day you seize, yet we allow ourselves to be unnecessarily selective (or self-limiting, like we're nullified and useless as humans past a certain age). You'll definitely realize how silly you sound either when it is, in fact, too late (when you're ACTUALLY old and incapable) or something life-altering happens -- like if the taste of death visits you.  I'm not going to push clichés here, or I'll try not to. I just wish people were better at taking their own advice, looking at the big picture, and realizing that you ultimately have to be the one to surrender your hope, not anyone else, AND... by your reply, you hold a positive disposition when it comes to other people, so why can't you be as good to yourself? Don't you deserve it, too?  Mid-to-late twenties IS young, by nearly every defining characteristic. The average lifespan is increasing all the time. See: "Over the past 160 years, life expectancy (from birth) in the United States has risen from 39.4 years in 1860, to 78.9 years in 2020." This means that a 25-30 y/o back then isn't the same as a 25-30 y/o now. No way.  What should, and likely will adapt, is the societal expectations on people our age. In general, people aren't getting into relationships until much later in life, voluntarily and not, which is something people have to inevitably accept, as it's not problematic, and it's recommended and revered if you wait to have kids (as it's usually not planned or thought out out when you're too young), etc. Also, adoption is a fucking incredible prospect. Having kids of your own is selfish, at this point. Overpopulation is becoming a more rampant issue, and to know that so many kids can spend all their formative years in orphanages is enough reason to see it as the clear answer (that is, if you specifically want kids, however, it's also a reason to not feel bad if you've not had them at all).   There's NOTHING to be ashamed of. Everyone's mental health, habits of social isolation, and feelings of inadequacy are going to continue being tested as we evolve, NOT just because of Covid, but because of the integration of technology, and how it'll keep affecting our way of life more and more. Older generations don't understand as much, if at all, but the millennial generation was the first to really experience the consequences.   Actually, all of my sister's kids (ages 10-15) remind me so heavily of myself when I was their age (addicted to tech/gaming, socially isolated, anxious, likely depressed, etc.) that I find it scary for them. Point is, social strain and developmental setbacks are so much more evident now, both because of how different social engagement is becoming, AND because of people simply being more vocal and empowered enough to talk about their struggles.  Anyway, I digress... Just know, you are honestly not an exceptional case (in a good way), you are NOT an outcast, you're not the leftover, or the remainder. If people don't understand or have empathy, that is their problem. SURE, it doesn't help that they can make you feel like shit about yourself because they can hold opportunities over your head, but you aren't defective just because you started later than others. Shit, if anything, you've been given crucial perspectives and valuable characteristics that most don't have yet. Wisdom, intuition, analyticality, to name a few. You just have to apply yourself differently because you don't fit the mold the same way others do.  Most people are undeveloped in a lot of ways you aren't because they've spent so much time being a cog in the machine, as much as I hate using that terminology lol. The ways most others have grown isn't actually covetable. The only thing that is the most important is social skills... and self-confidence, but self-confidence often comes with better social skills.   Who gives a fuck if you fit into the majority, with the predetermined-white-picket-fence-dream? Why wish you could intermingle with people that have essentially lived priveleged lives, with no iota of empathy or understanding of what it's like to struggle? Yes, life would be easier if you started earlier, but that's just one scar you're going to have to learn to live with.  I hope this... isn't offensive. You never know with this sub.
I did all that. Graudated high school, worked part time/casual while studying at university until 22/23. Studied my ass off, got a decent internship in my industry but wasn't offered a role. Got another internship before I graduated and was able to get a role in a cool company. Used it as experience for about 1.5 years, and went to a global company that I'm at now, with lots of internal opportunities.   My coworkers who are the same age and some younger are streets ahead of me in all facets of life. Some are even engaged, regardless of whether it'll actually work out.   I've been told that I'm a good looking guy, but my social anxiety gets me.
[deleted]
You have to get other schooling and it's a very hard job
Yup. My biological father became a first-time parent at 48. No one thinks any less of him because of it. He always wanted kids his whole life. Granted, he was in a lot of relationships prior, but... so what?  A huge part of this sub is self-loathing masquerading as objective perspectives. If you can have kids, great. If it's later in life, great (not necessarily for your kids -- I'm faced with the idea of my dad's mortality every day of my life), but it's up to you to decide if it's fitting for you and them. If you can't have kids, adopt, even better (so much better). If you don't want them, great. Not everyone SHOULD have them.
I think my mom has me in here 30s. It’s just not what I wanted ideally, y’know
👏🏽 👏🏽 👏🏽
> The average lifespan is increasing all the time. See: "Over the past 160 years, life expectancy (from birth) in the United States has risen from 39.4 years in 1860, to 78.9 years in 2020." This means that a 25-30 y/o back then isn't the same as a 25-30 y/o now. No way.  Unless you're accounting for infant/child mortality (which you aren't) life expectancy is useless.  Even so, mid-late twenties is still a third of your life gone.
Even though I’m depressed, feel like my life is over and stuff this is a great post.
Can't overcome being ugly
21
You can become a nurse in a year. Or, you could go to trade school. Drive a truck. Become a plumber. Did you study math? Become an actuary. Pick something where there's a shortage. You should be able to find work, and better paying work than McDonald's.
"Even so, mid-late twenties is still a third of your life gone."  That's... my point. You have so much fucking time left, and if you don't, you'll never know so. Don't sit on it for decades regretting what you didn't do when you were an arbitrary pinpoint age like 18, 20, 22. Life doesn't stop when you turn 25. Life doesn't stop when you turn 30. Life doesn't stop when you turn 50.  My half-brother took action and got his GED while in jail when he was... like, 40? Late 30's, maybe? He's been a minimum wage alcoholic his whole life, and yet he has an amazing girlfriend, and he rents an apartment in a pretty nice area. My half-sister and mom finished college around the age of 40. My dad found his favorite partner in his 70's. He had his first kids around the age of 50. Although a little off-track, this is still pertinent: I often see people with crushing disabilities rise above their circumstances, date, and earn stable incomes.  Time of the past is the most useless and invalid measurement that exists.  Not to be *one of those people*, but I honestly think the root of most of our issues is... privilege. If we didn't have all of this time to sit and think/ruminate over what we've done, didn't do, and what we aren't currently doing... we would be so much better off. We can afford the luxury of doing nothing... it's pretty ironic. If we were in dire straits and were forced to act, we would HAVE to stop thinking so destructively.  I know it also has a lot to do with how we were raised, at least, for me it is. No discipline/structure, and no self-worth, but I think a lot of that goes without saying. Hell, none of this ultimately matters.  We can't keep creating excuses to get out of taking action. Like I said, time of the past is null and void.  Let's present a fun little hypothetical situation here: as of today, the past doesn't exist. Let's say you're born today, and you're going to die in 50 years. What are you going to do with those fucking LONG 50 years? Sure, you don't look like a goddamn baby, but you have the seeming superpowers of being fully physically developed, mentally capable, and you have the freedom to make the decision about what you want to do with the rest of your newfound life. That's a pretty incredible head-start. Yeah, you might encounter some tricky health problems eventually, physical or mental, but you learn that there are people that are born into pain, born into struggle, and you realize that you have a lot more power than you give yourself credit for... SO, you decide to not let fear of the future paralyze you. You're free to act. You're free to CAREFULLY and considerately and SLOWLY figure out what to do with the rest of your life. Huh, it's a miracle, if you ask me.  One more thing: acting urgently is a good habit to get into, but don't beat yourself up if you want or need to take some time to figure your shit out. Most people find out what fits best ONLY along the way, not while specifically reaching for it and trying to force it -- "it" being success, love, passions, friendships. No one can predict what falls into place.
Comment seems to have gone over your head. I work an office job as is that pays shit.   Once you are far from graduation (or never went to college) and want a job that lets you sit down/pays a livable salary, if you're not at a certain point in that career or a career to make a lateral jump from, it's really hard. The exhortation that you have to constantly struggle/self optimize becomes harder to meet.   Really focused on the "work" part of this. You work to financially support a full life, the topic of this post.
> Not to be *one of those people*,  but I honestly think the root of most of our issues is... privilege. If  we didn't have all of this time to sit and think/ruminate over what  we've done, didn't do, and what we aren't currently doing... we would be  so much better off. We can afford the luxury of doing nothing... it's  pretty ironic. If we were in dire straits and were forced to act,    Forced to act on what? This may apply to the people here who are unemployed living with their parents/family, but it has no relation to the actual meat of the sub. Nothing to do with having no friends or lover. And I can tell you, being employed and even making decent money doesn't magically make you friends or get you a special someone. All it has done for me is bring on the family who always have some problem they can't solve on their own and have to come borrow more and more money from me.  The problem with stories about people like your half-brother is, they just make anyone who's better off than them in those areas feel even worse that somehow they can't succeed in such a crucial area. Hearing about an alcoholic that drop out of or failed high school and has never worked for more than minimum wage, managing to get an amazing girlfriend; sure as hell doesn't make me hopeful about my abilities, because it's clear my graduating and having a good stable job are apparently meaningless. Clearly there's some other factor that I'm lacking in, and who's to say if it can be improved well enough.  Your half-sister and mom, is just another story for people that are still behind in work or education (not that college is actually a necessity though). And the story of your dad is meaningless unless you're saying he was completely unsuccessful with women till his late 40s. Not having kids, isn't a concern for everyone, and the fact that his favorite partner didn't come around till his 70s doesn't negate the fact that he clearly had partners before that, ones that he quite possibly enjoyed, just this latest one is the best.  As to your hypothetical, there's too many unknowns to really begin to guess at what I'd do, but honestly, having an expiration date placed upon me would probably just drive me to suicide. The one good aspect about overthinking is you can convince yourself of the very argument you present here, there's always the future, but this hypothetical kills that. Let's say I take the first decade and give it 100% but still have nothing, knowing for certain there's only 40 years left would be crushing.
Yeah, a desk job would be harder. A livable salary is very achievable as a nurse or tradesman, though. Good luck with everything.
You're taking everything I said way too literally. I was essentially trying to, at least a little, dispel the lingering myth the of \~"after X, Y, or Z age, you're useless and there's no hope".  Also, no, inactivity applies to mostly everyone in this sub, in different applications -- inactivity pertaining to self-improvement (first and foremost), repeated exposure to opportunities, attempts to stop poisoning your mind, etc. The fact that people come to this sub to argue heavily (not meant to be a jab toward you or anyone here) against how they could ever be happy or fulfilled tells me that there's an excess of time involved and using that time unwisely. :P  "My graduating and having a good stable job are apparently meaningless. Clearly there's some other factor that I'm lacking in, and who's to say if it can be improved well enough." If you can sit here and tell me that you've done everything there is to improve yourself, that you have nothing you've been holding back on, or that you HAVEN'T surrendered trying to improve yourself in some, or a lot of, ways, then I guess I stand... corrected?  You know what factor matters the most and proves the greatest results in people succeeding? Them trying at all, not once, not twice, not 100 times - you see success, but you don't see the THOUSANDS of attempts it takes people to get to where they are - disadvantages be damned. No one wants to listen to it because it implies MORE effort is involved, and people don't like knowing they have the short end of the stick and that they might have to work harder than others to get what they desire.  I will say, though, that my perspective is more hopeful than most because my perspective isn't shrouded by overwhelmingly crushing self-doubt due to the PTSD/aftereffects from the trauma of brutal rejection in the adult world (because I've been voluntarily alone and primarily happy with it since the end of high school and have had the privilege of time, and supportive family members, to figure things out for myself, but I digress).  Again, you saying "there's too many unknowns to really begin to guess at what I'd do" points toward the fact that you're only beginning to get to know yourself, your capabilities, and what there is to improve upon, which is ironic. There's a lot of irony in this sub. How can people shoot themselves down so readily when there's so fucking much left to discover and improve? It baffles me. I think it's also the lack of self-awareness that baffles me. This isn't a jab, either. It's just that self-awareness is a HUGE component in presentation, too.  If I can ask, how old are you?
> If I can ask, how old are you?   Just turned 27  > gain, you saying "there's too many unknowns to really begin to guess at  what I'd do" points toward the fact that you're only beginning to get to  know yourself, your capabilities, and what there is to improve upon   Disagreed, because I know that it doesn't really matter what you think, or even so much what you've done in the past. I've jumped to put out fires and chase down armed robbers, but I still wouldn't say that I would act the same every time, or even just the next time such an event occurs, because I know the circumstances will be different.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/knwx1g/always_feel_so_alone_after_seeing_everyones_photo/
Every year around New Year’s Eve/Day is tough, seeing everyone’s highlights and posts of the good times they’ve experienced during the year - special times with family and friends, holidays, buying a house with their loved one, engagements, weddings, pregnancy. Even with the coronavirus restrictions, people have still made special memories during this year with the people who love them.   For me it’s been yet another tough, lonely year. No special memories, no photos with family/friends to share. I’ve tried to contact some old friends I used to be close with but every time I start a conversation, it’s always me contacting them, they always eventually stop replying. I really don’t understand what I’ve done in life for most of my friends to leave me at some point.   This year is also the year I’ve started to accept that a relationship will not happen for me, I’ve finally started to accept that I’m not pretty at all and that nobody wants me. I’m annoyed at myself for being so deluded and actually thinking this person I liked would actually ever be interested in me.   I’m tired of wishing and hoping every New Year’s Day that this year will some how be different for me. I’m beginning to accept already that 2021 will be another lonely, tiring, boring year for me. It’s very unlikely that anything special will happen to me next year. At least having low expectations is better than having high expectations.   Thanks for reading. I hope 2021 will bring some happiness for everyone here.
We're in the same boat. Trust me you're not alone, not by a long shot. However, you're too negative! Be more optimistic, and then find the strength in you to make a change. It won't be immediate of course, but this is what I'm working towards.
It’s a little better this year at least. Covid is kind of an excuse.
Thanks for your response! You’re right, I am very negative but I think it’s subconsciously to protect myself if that makes sense? If I’m negative then it’s less likely that I’ll end up disappointed. Every good thing I’ve ever had never lasts. But you’re also right that I should try and be optimistic and change - I’ve recently started looking into positivity/life coaching kind of stuff through the internet which hopefully I can make some progress in during 2021.   I’m glad to hear you too are working towards changes! Wish you the best
That’s true- I feel less bad about doing nothing with my life this year because I’ve had less opportunities to!
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/knnzs3/had_a_dream_where_i_thought_someone_was_breaking/
Unfortunately in real-life I'm a nearly 30 year old virgin who has never had a girlfriend.   Anyway had  this strange dream where some woman seemingly breaks into my home and  when I tried to confront her she reveals she is my wife,  Dream was weird but in a way nice, since I actually almost never have dreams where I'm in any sort of relationship, or dreams where the "twist" is actually something positive.  Dream  starts off pretty normal, I actually wake up from my bed in my room, in my boxers like a "false awakening" dream. One thing I notice odd though  for some reason I have this rock hard erection going on that won't go  away and pretty much persists the entire dream, but since I think I'm late for work, I'm too much of in a panic to worry about morning wood.  Anyway before I have a  chance to get ready (put clothes on, brush teeth, etc.) I hear some  weird commotion going on at my front door like someone fiddling with  some locks or something so I rush to go check it out.  But  when I leave my bedroom, I have to navigate some weird maze of impossible geometry just to get to the door, though somehow in the dream this feels normal so I  don't realize I'm dreaming.   I'm almost at the door when, the door slams opens, and a woman just casually walks on in, wearing an all-black outfit  carrying a handbag and speaking gibberish into her cellphone. Anyway, I'm pretty shocked a stranger is just going to walk into my house like that so I think she's lost. So,  I'm like whoa, who are you, you got the wrong house!  To my surprise she isn't fazed and just laughs and says something to the  effect like "oh you play to much", and seems to know me. I ask her how  she got in, and she says she jokes saying she just 3-D printed some keys  by scanning my lock, and then she starts laughing saying we're married  and tells me I'm the one who gave her the keys.  I  take a long look at her trying to remember who she is but I can't come  up with anything. She was really cute though, looked Asian, kind of tall and skinny  with a little figure, and a beautiful smile with very long black hair.  While  I'm staring she just laughs and tells me to stop joking around and help  her with the groceries. So I just go along with it and follow her outside to her truck. Though remember in the beginning when I said I was "rock hard", I still was even at this point, so I'm walking outside in my boxers with a raging hard-on in public for some reason...  Anyway, so we make it to her car and surprisingly she had a blacked out custom, pro-stock drag racing diesel truck for her everyday car complete with drag radials and roll cage, and that's when I woke up  realizing it was a dream lol.
😂 😂
Hot.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/knnwll/being_depressed_and_anxious_is_basically_dating/
Why cant I be better at talking girls, why am I such a fucking piece of shit that I cant even talk to girls like a normal fucking human being, this is such bullshit that a good guy like me cant even get a date, maybe I dont deserve it is that it maybe I should just fucking end it in a failure in life, I really hope there is something better when we die if its like sleep I'll finally be free of the pain of being fucking existing
"a good guy like me" be careful or else someone's gonna think your a fedora tipper m8
Plenty of mentally ill people date though.  Go the depression or or other subreddits about mental illness and plenty of those people date.
Well then I've been in a serious relationship for quite some time now
It's not dating suicide if you are 'handsome enough'. Then girls will jump through hoops to 'put a smile on your face' ;p.
Being depressed and anxious isn't going to help for any aspect of social life. People just don't like being around those with mental issues, for the most part. Cynical, yes, but sadly true.
What's a fedora tipper
Yeah too bad I'm not handsome enough
Someone who tips his fedora.
It's a pretty old meme. Theres this conception of a socially inept male who regards himself as noble, and there is a visual template that goes along with it, http://i.imgur.com/0LV6ygX.jpg. Wearing a fedora is considered highly unfashionable for most men, but this kinda guy is oblivious to it, and just thinks he's a great catch. The "tips fedora" is a way of referencing the fedora guy, as the kind of painfully socially oblivious thing that such a painfully socially obvious person like that would do.   It's a deeply mysandric meme, from people who just want to justify hatred of inferior men.
[deleted]
Oh I see lol
I see I was worried that it was something like that lol
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ko1qe9/love_triangles_suck_especially_if_youre_the_one/
It really is a situation that I HATE, not only must you endure the feeling of not being reciprocated, you must also endure seeing that person trying to make someone else fall in love. All you can think of is "why him?" "What does he have that I don't?" At least that's what happens to me.
I have always lived by the rule that if someone else is in a relationship get as far away from it as possible I never try to break them up. I would rather be forever alone I’m break up someone else’s relationship￼
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/knjyoo/girls_make_me_feel_so_powerless_and_humiliated/
I'll never be good enough for them which makes me despondent or angry. Im constantly in between both end of the spectrum going back and forth. Even average girls or below average don't care about me either but it's the pretty ones that hurt the most because you can't help but look at them and feel attracted to them by putting them on a pedestal. You say don't put them on but it's hard too when Im filled with such strong lustful  desire for them.     A desire that can't be filled and makes me want to give up on life because what's the point of living if I can't get what I want. I can rationalize all I  want  or what i crave but if I'm not good for girls like that then I'm not good emough for life.  It's not like getting over a food craving  and something trivial it's like getting over a drug withdrawal for a drug you tasted a modicum of that you   know exists but still can't have fufillied.  Average girls I'm not good enough for either or girls I think I look good enough for don't want me  just unreqution and shame. Maybe below average could swing my way and still I wouldnt be attracted to them so what's the point.   There's really nothing I want to do and live for if I cant have love and sex along on the way I rather die. And even then I would be really pushing it to cope with life. And what can I do? Nothing. Nothing I can do but whine on reddit or cope with my vices. There's nothing I can do. Every facet of my life is like this.   There's no job out there for me that isn't gonna make not feel like shit or some grand purpose in life for me. I have nothing to live for except for the sake of just fucking living . Everytime I see a girl in public it's like being stabbed in the heart all over because nobody is gonna care about me or show me affection. None of them want me cause I'm worthless to them  and nobody cares.     Watching porn listening to other girls moan to their delight is somewhat sadistic as im only living vicariously through someone's else pleasure will I'm left to rot and suffer in reprise. It hurts so deep and all I can do is cope with food or masturbate multiple times to rid myself of the frustration because im so powerless and inferior in their presence. None of them like me or care for me.   I'm better off not being alive but instead I'm condemned to live because of self preservation. Nobody wants me and nobody likes me. All i can do is self pity and wallow in defeat.  There's nothing for me to believe that any amount of  effort put in will heed any different result. I'm worthless and I don't deserve or shouldn't  live anymore.
I'm not afraid of women, I'm terrified of them..
This is exactly what I’m experiencing
I get you. No guy would ever want me. It just makes you feel worthless
Get off porn before you hurt yourself or someone. Its not for you.
This reads super creepy, and you also sound really young. There is nothing special about girls, pretty or not.
Damn guy, I would suggest get of the porn for 2 weeks and then look for the results. Maybe you will still feel miserable but you self-esteem and self-respect will definitely increase a lot.   Best of luck for your own internal struggle, I hope you will win.  Cheers!
same ...sometimes i couldn't make eye contact...
Same, I’m the opposite of a Incel, instead of seeing myself as above women I see myself as below them, I can’t handle being around them
I mean, if you're a guy then yeah, there kind of is. But I agree that this sounds like unhealthy obsession and desperation.
Super creepy because you are not experiencing it or blind to someone else’s struggles that aren’t your own. Do you know what that’s called? Selfishness. An inability to show empathy. Really just proves the guys point of wondering why girls go for the shittier people in this world.
There is something special about them, as a strait guy/lesbian they are basically the judges of your worth as a person
I could never make, and my father often reminds me of this.
Literally no incel sees himself as above women, fuck are you talking about?
I actually do experience it, but never having a girlfriend, and having warped views of the situation are two different things. Saying things like "Im filled with such strong lustful desire for them" is creepy. I'm not judging him, I would just recommend him changing his outlook and not simp *or* objectify women.
Well from the definitions I’ve heard they hate women because they don’t sleep with them, I 100% understand why women don’t like me and don’t hold it against them
YEP
That’s your opinion... not fact...
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kni9bm/16_years_old_but_its_already_over/
Ever since i started 7th grade everything went to shit. I miss middle school when everybody was just having fun and didn’t care about how you looked. Everyone was friends with eachother and everybody could have fun with everyone. Now the only ones who hang around outside and do stuff together are attractive people. Since 7th grade started people got girlfriends/boyfriends. Everyone got seperated and ugly people were hanging around with ugly people and good looking people where hanging around with good looking people. It’s just how it is. My good looking friends were asking me to show which girls I was talking too and if I had gotten laid yet etc etc. Which I responded to that I am ugly and I can’t. They just say it’s bullshit and just an excuse. But what they don’t know is that the majority of girls called me ugly, ”ew”, pedophile, old man, teacher without me even having said a single word to them. This still continues and I am soon to be 17. I got 0 female friends whatsoever because either I am preblocked, blocked, not added or ignored. This all happens “coincidentally” after I show my face. I just feel like shit tbh, I didn’t win the genetic lottery at all. I was born to be a failed loner my whole life. I will probably end up buying a shed in the forest to isolate myself from this brutal world we live in.
lol... if the term "school", "class", "homework", or "curfew" can still apply to you, you don't really belong here
It may get better, it may not. I recommend seeing how it goes.
I understand your pain bro but try focusing on getting a passion or goal (trust me I’m 25 and I’m still searching for mine so start now), try working out even if its 10-20-30 pushups daily it might even become fun to keep increasing the reps, your looks could improve with age because you’re not at your peak yet as a guy. With the corona its hard nothing we can do about that but whenever restrictions are reduced try talking to more girls I avoided it because of some bad experiences and that got me here (which isn’t necessarily a bad thing), i dont want you to make that mistake. overall the best thing I’d advice is to try to focus on other areas of your life and improve (i know its hard with seeing couples and all the media) I wish you all the best what you’re going through is tough and I know it well. Chin up bro you’re not alone in this
Holy shit are you me? As someone two years older than you (18 and turning 19 in 5 days), focus on improving yourself however you can. Find a hairstyle that suits you. Wear flattering clothes. If you’re skinny, lift weights, or lose weight if you’re overweight to get a nice body. I didn’t do any of those in high school and i’m fucked. Don’t end up like me.
I stopped developing at around your age, so you might be right. However, most people continue to grow and change up to their mid 20's. If you don't give up, focus on eating right and exercising, study as hard as you can at something you're interested in, and try to maintain a positive attitude regardless of what life throws at you, you may still have a chance at a favorable future.   If you give up, on the other hand, that doesn't rule a favorable future out, but it certainly doesn't help your chances.
Ugh.  That sucks beyond sucks. Those years often suck for people but for you it sounds bad.  Please do what you can to take care of yourself and find stuff you enjoy . . . irk stay away from the drugs and drinking.  It is so understandable that people get into this but it can really take you down.  Courage to you.
the way you look changes once you hit adolescence , just play the game and focus on yourself and your life bro
Well since ur not in college yet I consider pursuing a career where you’re able to get ur money up and also start exercising and building muscle. Don’t adapt the mindset that you’re hopeless. Beards are also like makeup for men
"Everyone was friends with each other."  What kind of heaven was that middle school? First day of kindergarten, everybody knew everyone for some unexplainable reason, I was the only one alone.
Unironic
My brother is 23 and he is in school still. So he doesn’t count too then?
Don’t think it will ever get better
There is no girls to talk to when im blocked by all of them. 5-7 girls in my whole entire school too btw
I have done all of that mate xd
I eat right, I exercise
I don’t do hard drugs. I drink alcohol here and there but not everyday
That wont get me social status and a girlfriend
I got a beard, I wont go to ”college”. My education is done after 3 years. I do exercise
Depends on the class you get tbh
Black
Correct.  Well, he counts as a person, a student, and someone working on getting out into the dating world.  But that age is still a big young to declare being "FA".
Lots of people don't. For most of them it does. No one has the data required to say that and most people that do here are in their early to mid twenties. You have about 5 years less data than they do. They don't have the data and you have less data than them to make that call.
Thats rough, wait out the rona restrictions then you’ll have a wider scope (girls from other schools and maybe some around your neighborhood) if not for now just try to chill off girls and focus on your goals trust me now is the time to build your talents and goals. I can share with experience how feeling like a failure in your 20s is equally as shitty or maybe even worse than what you’re going through, if you work on yourself now you’d be better off and be more desirable to women in the future if thats what you wish.
I’m sorry for you man, check r/orthotropics if you haven’t already
Then find a marketable job skill you like to do, try to get good at it, and keep your chin up. For now at least, once you hit your mid to late 20's and things haven't improved, then there's cause to give up.
Good for you.  What you are going through really is wretched.  There are probably others having wretched experiences in high school too but they are hard to notice.
Practice “mewing” and keep ur tongue on the roof of ur mouth and it can completely change ur face, ur still young
Pill
Really? I never heard of there being age restrictions with FA. I'm now worried at 26 that I'm not old enough to qualify for my FA membership :'(
just got blocked again after showing myself. Good beginning for 2021
Already tried that. I am blocked or ignored by all of them
I will still be the same. A job doesn’t change my chin, it doesnt change my skin condition. It changes nothing
alcohol, weed and shrooms is a big cope. Better than everything else. People had problems in my past school the ugly autistic people.
And I heard they are doing even worse in their new schools. (In sweden you get to choose which path you gonna go after 9th grade”
I have mewed since the beginning of 2019
Believer
:)
You might think that, but at your age you can't know what's going to happen to your bone structure or complexion. That's not final till you stop growing.   Again, that may happen at your age. It did for me. But you won't know that till later in life. If you want to give up though, I can't stop you.
Yeah, I understand coping that way but not good in the long run.  Do you have anything somewhat healthy that you enjoy?
Are you in Sweden?  If so what path did you choose?
Give it time:) there’s a huge difference in physical appearance at age 16 vs 20, 25 and so on... good luck!!
Cringe
I havent grown since 2018.
shrooms is pretty healthy
Truck driver
Hows that cringe
If you're 16, that can be normal. If you're like me and you stop growing from now till your mid 20's, then you're in trouble.
I hadn't heard that.  They aren't addictive nor the cause of any physical/mental problems long term?
Really?  I want to be a truck driver.  Sounds fun.  That really is a high school path?  Wow.
Being a black 💊 believer?
wait ill write back to you later. My older friend broke up with his girlfriend and he is really intoxicated rn.
ok I am back. Shrooms arent addictive.
ye. we get free drivings license and lessons. I got forklift license atm
yeah?
So do you use them regularly?  Do they help.  Also sorry about your friend . . . . ugh . . . getting a GF/BF is a bit of a mixed bag specially when you are young . . . . I know for some it is a good thing.
I want to learn to drive a backhoe.  I love digging.
Because its sexist
he is 21. Idk if he is taking his life atm or not.
Shrooms def help. But don’t use them regularly. Sure you can microdose but I want the effect.
It’s sexist to believe that I am too ugly to get a partner?
Ugh . . . . those years so suck for so many.  I wouldn't do my teens and twenties again for all the money in the world.  Life can be so ding dang dad blasted difficult  Is he okay?
women dont only go for looks
Ye he’s fine now.
Well if you look shit you are done
It sounds like you do have some good friends.
Wrong theres someone for everyone
Online friend
Then why are people still single when they are trying their absolute hardest? There is literally not someone for everyone. Because there are more men than females in the world.
Ah.  Until we are all vaccinated this is probably the best kind of friend to have.  Did you have any in-person friends before the pandemic?
Trying hard doesn't mean your trying right and also some people are gay so it doesn't matter how many men or women are in the world
Ye a few in school
it does matter. Some people try hard af the ”RIGHT” way. But still we get called ugly. Bit hard to do anything when 100% of the girls you’ve ever talked to say that you are ugly.
Are they truck/back/forklift drivers too?  Can I come go to high school with you to learn to drive those things?
There are girls that don't care what you look like they just want you to be a nice person
Yes. It’s a mechanic and transport school. We learn a bit of welding too
Not where I live then. Man, if a woman can choose between a tall chad thats rich and really good looking then why she choose me?
Other than your social life do you like school?
Because if your a good person she'll choose you  not all girls want a rich Chad some want a man that's nice to them
not really
Well thats not how it works. Physical attraction is a huge point too. Otherwise why wouldn’t every girl date a handicapped, deformed guy?
Do you wish you could have picked a different school path?  If so what would it be?  Or what would be your second choice?
Im not saying Physical attraction is important physical attraction is good but its not end all I bet your not as ugly as you say you are dont give up so early
Also why all girls block you just cus they find you ugly?
No I don’t wish I didn’t pick another route. I just don’t like school. Btw just had a fight with my mom. Worst new year ever
I am
You just said the answer. Cuz I am ugly bro.
Doubt
That can't be the only reason
Well why would it not be? ”What do you look like?”. *Sends picture*. **** took a screenshot of the chat. *Waiting for **** to add you as a friend.
Maybe your talking to the wrong kind of girl or maybe that girl was just mean has that happened multiple times
I mean at some point its not just ”one incident” am I right?
I mean yeah if it happened more than once
over 10 atleast
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/knhvs2/anyone_else_also_unable_to_enjoy_doing_anything/
I used to love disneyland, going to movies, etc.  But basically anywhere that has couples, it makes me don't want to go.  I even avoid shows with lots of emphasis on relationships/romance.  Just can't deal with it anymore.
Just wait until you start distancing yourself from people you once spoke to, simply because they're not FA.  It's hypocritical. It's stupid and unfair. But the pain and embarrassment I feel is way too much. So I'm just keeping to myself.
It just hurts. It's just another reminder that we are different from everyone else.
It hit me hard the other day when I was leaving the grocery store and saw a couple eating in there car together. It seems so stupid, but fuck would I love to have a moment like that.
I went out to fly my rc airplane in the park today and saw a couple having a picnic in the grass and kinda ruined the whole day for me because it brought back the depressed thoughts.
[${URL}] https://i.imgur.com/wRdNjvG.png

People and even therapists have told me in certain terms to man up when I showed emotions like loneliness. You get told to stop feeling sorry for yourself and man up. After a while I grew upset when I was told that. We are told we need to be open with our emotions but then if we do share them, we are told to man up. Not just by guys either. It's like I'm not allowed to show emotions. They thought I could just forget about my emotions and if I really wanted to try to find a woman, I needed to stop showing emotions by being more of a stereotypical man. They say they want guys to not be afraid to show emotions but when you do, and say something like you are lonely, the same people tell you to man up and get over it.
[deleted]
man up = I don’t care about you and your problems, don’t you dare annoy me with them  I guess thats the sad truth. Opening up about things never ever helped me but pushed people even further away from me.
Cute kitty
That's too much to ask, you know that.
I can so much relate to it. I proposed to the love of my life only to get rejected. She was the only one who would say "Don't worry I'll always be with you", "I'll always be by your side" and she was! But when I confessed she mutilated my heart. I just feel like would she really care if I just die? Is she feeling any regret or anything. But I know very well this is me trying to catch that sliver of hope which doesn't even exist. Now she hates me. Life is really not fair, it never was and never will be. Nobody is trying to understand my pain either. Internet is the only place where I can let it all out. Some kind stranger would just offer some consolation and that's better than talking to friend. Not kidding.
Yeah I don't think anybody would miss me if I was gone I have emotional things that I go through cuz I suffer from depression and the forever alone and lonelines.problem is is when you try to get to know people online it's like pulling teeth and pulling hair that you don't have they don't care about you all they care about is their problems they're selfish self-centered attitude and that's what I found out with a lot of people humanity in general nowadays it's been like that forever but nowadays it's gotten worse with the whole world the way it is people are into themselves. They don't care about other people or show them compassion or empathy if they're going through their own dark times but if they were going through dark times they'd expect everybody to be there for them and have that support system to get them through that dark time. The people like me and people that are on here don't have that support system and that's what really pisses me off about this world people just don't give a f*** about anybody but themselves and it's pretty disgusting but what can I do to change it not a f****** thing so that's why I come to the conclusion I will die alone I'm going to keep living the same boring lonely life of having no friends nothing look forward to accept the same boring s*** everyday notion of another no lover not ever to ever actually feel in touch a woman again hug hold or cuddle or to actually be able to enjoy sexual pleasure ever again I give up.
Toxic definitions of masculinity are truly one of the many banes of our world.   It sucks that all anyone can do at an individual level is to be aware of it, fight against it and hopefully find those that are supportive. There is growing discontent about it and let's hope there will be big changes in the upcoming years.
There are people who want to listen too a guys problems      He just has to be attractive
Yeah it’s a chain reaction that a lot of us here suffer from. Toxic masculinity demands conformity -> lack of confidence/worthlessness from failing to live up to it -> trouble forming relationship (among many other problems)
"man up" =  i dont know how to help and/or dont give a single fuck about you, so get lost either way  *translated not by google*
[removed]
Ikr
then you tell'em to man up...
If you complain all the time,they ya, you need to man up.
None of us are entitled to the "love" or "support" of others. Not even from our parents. You really either get it, or don't. We don't "deserve" anything except that which we work for and earn. And sadly I'm not too sure this applies to love and support.
Just man up 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Sometimes it is definitely appropriate. It isn't a blanket rule either way.   Sometimes it is pure self pity and a "you need to man the F up" is appropriate.
Buy a dog lol
Funny thing that when you come with issues from overworking and constant stress they suggest to "connect yo your inner child" or bs like that.
Wowww same friend. It wasn’t until I was 35 years old and found the right help who saw that me sharing my vulnerability and being able to express my emotions (no matter how silly they sound to others) was the real “manning up” the real strength all along. All the toxic bullshit from fathers and society and militaries who taught me my whole life to “suck it up and be positive” were just dead wrong.
Only good-looking men are allowed to show emotions.
Feeling sorry for yourself can be a problem, it has nothing to do with gender though ofc
You're not alone. When an FA guy opens up like that, it's "emotional labor" that men need to deal with themselves.
hot? you're vulnerable, open up, teehee.   ugly? you're immature, man up, eeew.    not really blaming the women and gay men that do this, it kinda is what it is.
That definitely is shitty, but those people aren’t the greatest at actually listening to people and might just say whatever the other person wants to hear.  Being listened to because you’re attractive can be incredibly surface level. Don’t get me wrong, though, sometimes that’s all we need at the moment.  Maybe its more accurate to say, when someone just finds someone attractive they’ll try to inflate their ego instead of actually help them through something / listen to them. Maybe that’s alright for depression. I might be rationalizing too, idk, I still feel there’s something stupid about the platitudes etc.  Listening to someone’s problems *is* difficult, but pretending to be interested isn’t really hard. That can be much more damaging than helpful, though.
funny, i commented almost the exact same thing
Damn im sorry you went through that
No, but they have to deal with being told it's easy to attract guys since they are women. People assume women have dating on easy mode which is just not true and women on here have told stories about it.
it's never appropriate. it's inherently toxic and is used to degrade and devalue your emotions solely because you are male.
Can we also include rich as well?
I wanna learn black magic...
[removed]
Why?
Top issues seem to be- 1. Harassment 2. Threats of violence  "Some 48% of female users say someone has continued to contact them after they said they were not interested, while a similar share – 46% – report that they have been sent a sexually explicit message or image they didn’t ask for"  "Younger women, in particular, stand out for how likely they are to encounter these behaviors on a dating platform. Six-in-ten female users ages 18 to 34 say someone through a dating site or app continued to contact them after they said they were not interested, while 57% say they have been sent a sexually explicit message or image that they did not ask for. At the same time, 44% of these younger female users say that someone has called them an offensive name via these platforms, while 19% report being physically threatened by another user."  https://www.pewresearch.org/internet/2020/02/06/users-of-online-dating-platforms-experience-both-positive-and-negative-aspects-of-courtship-on-the-web/
[removed]
The true tragedy is that you think recognizing the issues that women face somehow takes away from the problem of men. It doesn't, you can recognize both and work towards ending both. Its a shame you had to spend all that time dismissing the issues of another gender just because you dont have those same circumstances.  The one point I can agree with is that people's views are based on their circumstances. Your response showcases that. You quickly ignored an issue and went back to your own struggle, as if the world rotates around you. Again, refer back to my first point.
[removed]
The issue with comparison is that circumstances are very clearly different for each gender. There are a host of gender norms, expectations and more that need to be accounted for. Many of these are antiquated but sadly persist.   A direct comparison doesn't work when you put those circumstances into account as you seem to keep forgetting to do. Being harassed, threatened and sent inappropriate messages on a constant basis is not easy mode. It might seem nice to YOU. That is your circumstances, stop trying to apply that to everyone else and judging women because they didn't have your particular struggles. Its toxic and very unbecoming.   But I guess I shouldn't be surprised. It's a shame when certain guyafeel the need to try and speak for a gender that they clearly have no empathy for.
[removed]
As a guy who has been harassed and received those type of messages, I did not enjoy it. You can speak for yourself, thats fine but you cannot speak for any sizable percentage of men.   I really want to argue you with good faith but its getting harder to do. Youre simplifying harassment as "calling you a mean word" but its more than that. Its about continously invading someone's privacy and potentially threatening them. As a guy, I can tell you've never talked to a lady about this experience. Online dating is already a challenge since you can never be too sure that your date isn't someone dangerous but harassment adds on to that anxiety and stress. No one is saying that dating is easy or should be, there will be challenges and thats fair. Being subjected to threats to your life because you declined someone is beyond that. Its terrifying and its dehumanizing.   What is expected of women includes fitting a narrow definition of feminity, this includes being submissive, relying on your date and being a specific shape. Makeup, specific dresses are also part of that. That is the circumstances that women contend with. How do I know this? Because I speak to them with an open mind. I dont compare my life as a man to them because I know we have different lives. While as a guy, im taught to bottle emotions and man up, women are taught to always be polite and never say anything controversial. Theres similarities in some cases but there are many changes that still need to be made to relieve pressure on both sides. Men should be free to share their emotions without stigma from anyone. Women should be able to dress how they want without being told "you're asking for it" when she is catcalled.
[removed]
Most guys YOU know. You keep applying your circumstances but there are millions of circumstances and opinions. I know guys that want a girl to be specific height, a specific race and others want someone of a specific religion and disposition. Do you see my point? Guys have a vast array of standards and what they want in a partner just like women.   As for harassing, you can block but what about a user that constantly gets a new way to contact you? A new social media account, phone number and so on. Furthermore, its not just one user. It's a repeated issue from multiple matches and it adds on to the stress and it becomes overwhelming. Everyone has a limit to how much disrespectful and dehumanizing comments they get before they reach their breaking point.   Harassment is broad and it depends on what the person considers to be offensive so that is at their discretion. Examples include making an obscene comment about a body part, constantly sending messages after the first few were already ignored and can get as bad as threatening to rape or attack a match for saying no to a particular request. The problem with these is that at a base level, women want to be accepted as they are and valued for their uniqueness. Starting off with a sexual message is clearly stating that they are nothing more than their sex organ. Women being seen as nothing but vehicles for reproduction is a very old notion and those comments harken back to that. This is one of the reasons that we have feminism. Because women are more than that.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/knc603/iam_stucked_between_caring_and_not_care_about_ıt/
That loneliness really started give me headache and draining my mental health . The voice inside of me telling me that just let it go .  It is not only about relationship thing for me . It is about getting a succes and finding happynies too .  But in reality i doomed from the start , ıam cursed with my bad genetics . I know i fight for a change but when i hope too much i end up more bitter .  All that motherfuckers who laughed at me got what all they wanted and look at me iam still that lonely loser no one gives fuck about ...  If I find someone really love me and accept me thats fine but i dont want to hope too much .  Thanks to my parents for bringing me to this shithole . Either i will finally get what i want somehow and reap my hardwork or i will rot like a thrash but in the end i hope i will die with my honor . I hope you people will find happynies and will find someone . I dont want to think about this  anymore as i said i will try my best but i shouldnt hope too much .  I really hate that genetic thing.  Why stupid genetics had to controll our life ?  thats bullshit .
I know a friend who tried to end himself twice this year and he's told me many many times afterwards how glad he didn't go through with it. Looks like you're putting in work though keep it up, that's all you can do. I don't believe in the whole "love and accept me" part though and I don't feel like I deserve to be loved at the state that I am in. All I can do is to get better by putting in the work.   What sort of genetics are you talking about? I myself been blessed with garbage brain genes. Depression and anxiety runs in my family.
I got awkward genes
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kn683e/i_hate_seeing_my_crush_have_fun_with_her_boyfriend/
It makes me just want to disappear, knowing that I won’t get to be with her. Everytime they post pictures together I feel like killing myself. All my friends know I still like this girl, and they all think I’m a loser because this other guy won. Its been 7 months now since I developed a crush on her and I don’t think I’ll ever stop loving her. She’s quite possibly the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen in my life. We’re friends, but I want more than that. I just feel like a stupid creepy loser.  Edit: thank you for the awards!
I try my best to not have crushes anymore,it hurts too much, one time to get over a crush I hurt myself every time I started feeling for them
I'm sure you already know what I'm going to say. You need to move on. For all you know, she could simply be a pretty face but beyond that, you guys aren't compatible. Thats the thing with crushes, its usually based on a perceived image in our heads.   At this point, you need to really distance yourself and block her for a few months if not entirely. Its not fair for her or yourself to stay in her life while you get upset that she has someone. It isn't fair to you because you're possibility of finding someone else is zero if you're stuck on her and she clearly has no plans to want more from you. Youre not a stupid creepy lover, you can get through this. Remember, you deserve better than an unrequited situation.
Im still dealing with my issues. But I thought I would just say a few words of advice since I was in a similar situation not so long ago. This girl was my childhood crush and around 2 years ago, I finally got th courage to talk to her and confess my feelings to her. Confessing really did help to get it over with. But she already liked someone else and it absolutely devastated me at first. Because I had a crush on this girl for more than 12 years. It made things worse that when I talked to her, she was already with this other guy and she basically lied to me and said that they were just friends. But now I blame myself for being so naive. I cut her off completely for the longest time, it felt bad at first but really did help for me to move on with my life. Now she's hopefully happy with her boyfriend and I'm happy and at peace. I did feel jealousy early on but I no longer have an opinion of her in my mind, she's just become insignificant in my life. A few people still think I have feelings for her but I don't try to correct them, I just let them believe what they want. Because what matters in the end, is your peace of mind. I say, no matter how painful it may be at first, cut off all connection from her. It will really help you to heal and move on. It's better for the both of you. Block her on social media or do whatever else you have to do. It's difficult at first but once you let go, it becomes easier as the months pass.
Dude seriously quit watching them. That shall lead you to suicide sooner or later.
You have to rip off the bandaid. You can stay friends but don’t initiate conversation, start looking at other women
Jessie is a friend....   Lol im sorry. Had to say it. But I do feel you. Last year I had the BIGGEST crush of my life. Thing is as soon as I met her like 3 other individuals were also showing a lot of interest in her. And between my low state of mind of feeling inadequate and unworthy, not wanting to treat her like a piece of meat, I just never said anything.  Still wonder about that one, but given my most recent experience, Ima keep working on myself and maybe if fate has it, well cross paths someday. If not, at least i keep improving.  Not sure what advice to give you, you don't wanna be the guy to split them.  Maybe take my lead and just keep trying to be a better you as well, she might see that and again, if fate or the stars will have it, it will be.
Find a new crush. One that is preferably single! This crush will be obsolete eventually and all you got back is negative feelings and perception.
The worse thing is not knowing for sure if she has a boyfriend but having that sinking feeling that she does
My ex-friend is in a relationship with my crush, so I feel your pain. All you can do is sit back and watch.
[deleted]
One of my best friends is one of my greatest crushes. She has no interest in me and over time I've found that that is fine. We have a fantastic relationship regardless of my feelings. She has her dreams and I have mine. We are not compatible in the long term which is a very important topic to discuss with your significant other.
You are not a stupid, creepy, loser.
Personality wise I'm more than compatible with my crush, we've always "clicked" since high school, but I'm playing leagues below her looks level so of course she doesn't want me that way. Yeah, I tried and she rejected. Least she wasn't cruel about it like most of them.   Getting distance is the best thing you can do in a situation like this. I've been watching those fucking boyfriends come and go in the last 10 years - each and every one of them better than me by a mile, even the worst one. Staying around, orbiting her was nothing more than pointless suffering.  Use your time to do literally anything else, it's not worth it.
I don’t want to block her tho because we’re really good friends
How do I just find one tho? It’s almost like there’s nobody better that I can find.
Worst feeling imo is knowing she would never have picked you
Is this why they are an ex friend?
Yes she actually did but they were together before I liked her. So they broke up but fell for each other again so I guess she decided to get back with him instead of date me
Personality is but one aspect. Do you want to be in a relationship where you are not truly desired? You tried and thats worth patting yourself on the back.  Orbiting is certainly a bad idea. Thats time wasted that you could have even focusing on someone that was actually available and interested.
It’s time. Can’t speed it up or rewind, there’s no easy answer. But a day will come where it no longer is on your mind because life got you consumed with something else.
Yeah
Nah. For a different reason. I’m not that petty.
> Do you want to be in a relationship where you are not truly desired?  No way I can get into a relationship where I'm desired anyway. Either I put up with the solo life until the end, or I can swallow some hard truths and get into something that's fake on the other person's end. Need to get some wealth first, if you know what I mean.   There are no other options. If I'd be lovable, it would've happened already - I'm old enough already to know that.  > Orbiting is certainly a bad idea. Thats time wasted that you could have even focusing on someone that was actually available and interested.  Think you just rephrased what I said.
oh good.  I'm a little scared from an experience where my now ex friend offered to drive me and a girl to a date since I cannot drive and long story short he started hitting on her and they both just froze me out.  Dude had a GF too so I figured it was a safe bet.  Guess not.  It pissed me off watching that relationship unfold over a few months until he apparently cheated on her with the original ex he cheated on with my date.  To add insult to injury the girl texted me after the breakup and said she was "willing to give me another chance"  I told her to go eat a dick an fuck off.  Although in hindsight I should have took her up on the offer then hooked up with her and then dump her.  At least then I wouldn't still be a virgin.  But in all seriousness that experience has messed me up
I guess thats a fair point if you're aware of it. The only thing is that it leaves you in a position where someone can take advantage of you. What happens if you invest into this fake relationship and they leave suddenly for someone that ticks all their boxes?
Damn. That’s an asshole move. Sucks people like him will probably continue to live life happily.
> What happens if you invest into this fake relationship and they leave suddenly for someone that ticks all their boxes?  It wouldn't really surprise me, that's pretty much a given.
As long as you're prepared
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmwswk/the_idea_that_the_cool_kids_in_high_schoolcollege/
this is something i always fucking hear. "you were bullied in school? you missed out in high school or college? don't worry, people like you become billionaires with supermodel and the people who have lots of friends and party become homeless and ugly". that's BS.  According to data I've read, people who are bullied in school are more likely to end up in poverty and have depression or mental issues in adulthood. I also read that involuntarily celibate people (aka foreveraloners) were often socially withdrawn, bullied during their childhood, and rejected and ridiculed by their peers. Also I read that college bullying is very common (it's true. bullying doesn't after high school) and that college bullying victims were often bullied before college (and college bullies often were bullies before college). I [also read that school bullying victims are more likely to be victims of workplace bullying](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/10710503_Victimization_in_the_school_and_the_workplace_Are_there_any_links) (with bully-victims aka those who were both bullies and bullying victims having the highest risk but those who were only victims also had a higher risk than non-bullying victims).  Now as for the cool crowd in high school, many say they become hobos or balding and fat and poor later in life. no. not necessarily. there was one study that went on the news confirming that popular kids do become more likely to end up this way, but it had a relatively small sample size of only 183 kids from one very specific middle school in southeastern USA and it was a bunch of middle school kids who all lost popularity in high school (at age 15). and it revealed who they were at 22/23 but never mentioned where they ended up in their 30s. One study showed that those popular by likability (being kind to others and making friends) succeed in life while those who are popular by power (think of Mean Girls movie) are less successful. but some popular kids can be the former instead of the latter. Bullies do become more likely to become criminals or something later in life but not all popular kids are rude or are bullies, many can be friendly but it of course depends on the school.  but i've read studies showing completely different results. Studies show that [high school athletes get much better grades and are more likely to graduate and less likely to drop out](https://news.ku.edu/2014/01/15/study-shows-high-school-athletes-performed-better-school-persisted-graduation-more-non) and have [higher GPAs](https://www.nwmissouri.edu/library/ResearchPapers/2012/Stegall,%20Ryan.pdf). Studies also [show the more sports you play, the higher your GPA is and the less amount of days you are absent.](https://insideoutinitiative.org/2018/07/26/using-data-to-show-the-link-between-sports-participation-and-academic-achievement/) Studies also show that [cheerleaders have higher GPAs, better grades, volunteer more and participate in more activities and organizations](https://www.momsteam.com/sports/cheerleaders-are-leaders-on-and-off-sports-sidelines-survey-finds).  I've also read that the cool kids in college (ie: Greek life students) tend to get better grades and have successful job careers later in life (the ***only*** downside they have is being more likely to have alcohol problems).  now i know many people here are going to say "but... but the cool people from my high school and now hobos and the outcasts became billionaires married to supermodels". first of all, i won't be surprised if you're lying or at least exaggerating, and second of all, your high school doesn't represent other high schools. look up the anecdotal fallacy and hasty generalizations fallacy. your experience doesn't debunk statistics. i'm 23, the popular kids at my high school went to really good universities with sometimes low acceptance rates and just finished their bachelor's degree all in 4 years and have really successful jobs while the awkward, nerdy, sometimes autistic students all have barely finished community college.
We discussed this on the board before. Bullies end up having a high chance of succeeding because the same personality that makes them a bully gives them an advantage when they become an adult. Most of my bullies ended up successful.
I can agree with that. I found out a while ago that one of my main childhood bullies emigrated from UK to Australia with his wife and kids. Meanwhile I'm struggling with pretty bad Social Anxiety, never been on a date and struggle to get stable, permanent employment so have to make do with jumping between temporary jobs. Nowhere close to where I'd imagined I'd be at 35.
Yeah lol  Literally every bully I had in school is now living their life with a family, a nice career and look happy. Rarely do a I see an unsuccessful bully. Because at the end of the day those people were on top for a reason.   As much as I hate to admit that
"Results indicate that bullies had the most positive scores on mental health measures and held the highest social rank in the school environment, with significant differences limited to comparisons between bullies and bully/victims. These results lend support to the hypothesis that youth bullying is derived from evolutionary development."   [Survival of the Fittest and the Sexiest: Evolutionary Origins of Adolescent Bullying](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26160858/)
[deleted]
With populations being so high both is true. Millions are looser. Millions are successful. Millions of ppl bullied become successful and millions fail. How do you measure success. How do you measure a bully. If someone bullies you but is abused at home he's unlikely to succeed.
[deleted]
Sir, this is a Wendy’s
The bigger bastard you are, the better life treats you. I've said it for years.
Good point, though please don’t call us "involuntarily celibates" here. This is not an incel sub and people here respect women
Not that this will ever happen to me but I’d be cool to become famous and then all the girls who made fun of me in school, I tell them to kiss my ass.
If you go on r/AskReddit threads, I’ve seen threads where they asked reddittors what happened to the popular kids and all of the answers sound fake as hell. They all tell the same outlandish shit. “The jocks all are in prison or died in an accident or became homeless and the popular girls became pregnant with several babies right after finishing high school” and it sounds fake and these answers get the most upvotes. I feel like they all made up fake stories for karma points
Do you think if you adopt the personality of those bullies, you would be more successful?  People tend to approve bad behaviors from those who are attractive, and overtime those behaviors become normalized into what we call personality.  That's all there is.  Contrast this with the experience of a typical FA, whose behaviors are scrtunized no matter what.  Is it any wonder that most FA can't climb the success ladder and end up socially withdrawn?  Personality is just a proxy for looks.
I hate it when everyone surpasses me in life
People always create these fake lies to cheer us up but then we realize they’re lying
It’s simple. Attractive people get anything they want in life. Ugly people are hated and ostracized
When a person has a difficult time in childhood and adolescence, it’s a sign their adulthood might be difficult too
Becoming famous is 1 in a million
I have a feeling that they were just trying to convince themselves that their bullies are losers. In reality usually the opposite happens.
That may be true but also bear in mind that “jocks and athletes” could just be the meatheads in small town and inner city USA that often really do go on to be meth heads and incarcerated and a lot of the pretty popular girls do end up with kids early
Bullying is, I think, primarily a means to show social dominance. As a bully, you kinda notice someone who seems a little weak or odd, then try bullying them a little first, see if it works out or if the target fights back, and if they don't, then you have the knowledge and confidence that you can mercilessly bully that person forever, as they're not likely to start fighting back at any later point if they didn't do so right off the bat.  Now children do this kind of lord-of-the-flies shit all the time, but that doesn't mean that this is what constitutes a personality. It's that they don't know any better and do not yet feel any remorse or have sympathy for the victim. For them, it is guilt-free fun (because they do not yet have empathy) that feels good (as it demonstrates social dominance which is *fantastic*) and lets them unwind some steam (as many bullies have personal problems that cause them act out). It could be some of them, or all of these reasons, and other reasons I can't even think of.  It may also be that humans are a hierarchical animal and that establishing pecking order is important for group evolution reasons. Everyone has a status number floating above their head. It's telling you who you can cross and who you must respect or face repercussions. People are not all the same, and in absence of an imposed external hierarchy, they must bump heads together trying to determine exactly where they stand in relation to one other. Ideally, this process elects a leader, bunch of close lieutenants, and the big mass of followers who have lower but respectable status. (The outcasts that do not fit in would probably be excommunicated altogether, in nature.)  So sure, if you adopt the mannerisms of a person from the top, you may well be treated as such. But it involves doing all the things that a person actually in the top would do, or you will be revealed to be a fraud. It would help to be rich enough to project a successful image and have the usual status symbols that communicate that sort of thing. You'd dress nicely, have expensive car, live in a nice neighborhood, have upper class attitudes and behaviors, and all that crap. Dark triad type traits can also be useful, as such traits cause you to project an image that may be counterfactual to your actual position in society.
Yeah and they all will tell us it’s no big deal if we missed out on friendships, dating, socializing etc in high school. Which is ridiculous. I’ve showed studies about how missing out on relationships in your teens making social and romantic success less likely in the future. Many adults refuse to date virgins. And in high school you are an adolescent and then change into an adult, so socializing and having fun helps your interpersonal skills at this age
Yep. Absolutely no doubt most of those stories are missing huge details. Like the chick who several Babies married a millionaire or something like that lol
No that doesn’t necessarily happen. All of them tell the same exact overly sensational stories it all sounds fake
I was once told by someone that I shouldn't worry because "30 is the new 20", except how am I supposed to have good relationships at 30 without having gained any experience?
They are just trying to make themselves feel better by thinking I tried to help the loser.Sometimes they will say I know a person who didn't date in high school and now attracts lots of people. They think one exception is the rule for all of us. They don't care about our reality.
I think all ask Reddit threads will be filled with fake stories, but having spent time in rural and otherwise-shithole American towns I’ve seen a lot of people who really did hit their peak in high school and now they support two or three kids with their part time jobs at Discount Auto
They just tell people to go out more.  Normies can't explain how they get relationships easily. It happens subconsciously.
I hate how they always use anecdotes all the time while the shit we say is supported by statistics
Sounds like my mom lol
That’s because of the town you grew up in. The ones at my high school are successful. The awkward autistic isolated students are barely finishing community college
Earlier this year I remember one person posted a (since deleted) question about how we feel, and my response was something along the lines of "Having a partner is a societal expectation equivalent to having a job. i.e. being a man in his 20s who's never had a partner is like being a man in his 20s who's never had a job. You'd never say something like 'A job will come along one day.' or say that a 30 year old with no experience is just a 'late entry' into the job market, so don't say stuff like that about dating. Don't patronize us. We really are falling behind, and every fact backs this up."  I even tracked down statistics of when people got their first jobs (obviously everyone knows it's mid-late teens, but it helps to have proof) and compared them to studies of average ages for romantic experience.  I basically told them "Imagine if literally 92% of everyone your age had done something, and that a good chunk of that 8% have had at least a partial experience (i.e. kissing and cuddling, getting an interview but not the job). Now imagine you're that percentage that has somehow slipped through the cracks with *absolutely nothing*."
No I grew up in a nice town, went to the best public HS within three counties, some of the athletes are doing well now, some aren’t. Quite a few with babies that interrupted or prevented college. Some of the nerds made good, most didn’t. But where I went to school doesn’t represent the huge parts of America that are, in a manner of speaking, god forsaken shit holes.
I swear I’m committing suicide if I get to my late 20s as a virgin. Even I lose it at 30, it won’t stop the fact that I never experienced during my youth when our testosterone levels peak
i've read that high school athletes and cheerleaders get significantly better grades
Just turned 29 last week and still no luck :(
This will probably not help because you are obviously in huge emotional distress, but here's my take on it: Let's just say you had some 'awesome sex' when you were 16 or 17. Do you \_seriously\_ believe you will remember any of that 20 years down the road? Sure, maybe some vague recollection will be there but beyond that, nothing. You might say that this is 'just cope' but it's not. I had all these super fun experiences in high school (trips abroad, parties with friends etc etc) and there is like 0.1% of that left in my memory 15 years down the road. Human memory sucks balls.
>I swear I’m committing suicide if I get to my late 20s as a virgin.  Do you need help, or are you just venting? I know it really sucks to fall so far behind, but at the same time it's important to not let it destroy us.
At good schools, yeah
I’m serious. Your teens/20s are the most social and youthful time of life
no. at schools in general. studies found its true for schools in general, not only good schools
[deleted]
There’s a difference between keeping your grades up for a sports program at a good school and a shit school keeping athletes grades up for their sports program
it's crazy how people are. i mean, i never was the popular kid in high school. i was rather normal. i did hang out with a few popular kids but i hung out with many types of people, including nerdy, autistic guys. but honestly i actually do wish i could be in high school again just because the combination of having some adult freedom but with less responsibilities seemed really cool at the time and given that its a very social time of life.   but there's a stigma against saying high school was your best years of life, but in my opinion, i couldn't care less if someone's best years of life were high school. if their best years were high school but they still have a happy adulthood, i don't see what could possibly cause any harm. we don't get to dictate what your best years or worst years should be. people can have happiest memories of any stage of life as they want. it doesn't matter.  but being social in your youth is a good thing, sure you don't need to be the big man on campus or have a super high social status, but missing out on friends, events, parties, etc. is harmful because many experience this even if they aren't that popular and it's the most social time of life, and it only comes once in life.  when people turn 30, they start having kids, getting married and outgrow the extremely social parts of life.
How do you know they fail at tests and only get good grades because they’re a jock? Show me proof  If they don’t do well on tests the school will usually fail them.
I’m just sharing some of my experience with you. But you’re right, the awkward loners do tend to end up working for the jocks. Back when I was a sales recruiter we saw athletes as the best pick because they were dedicated, disciplined, and knew how to handle losing a competition without losing their minds. The introverted weirdos put in half the effort and quit after their first rejection, usually with some kind of speech about how they’re “above this.”
Woodit 1h “I’m just sharing some of my experience with you”  Remember your experience doesn’t always represent other people’s experiences
No shit that’s why we draw on our experiences to share unique viewpoints
I’d rather rely on statistics
K
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kn1ate/when_did_you_realize_you_were_alone_forever/
Just wondering, when, and what situation did you go? yeeeeeep, alone forever.   for me it was freshman year of highschool, i was like.... yep.
Fairly late for me, at like 22-23 yo. I started being curious about dating in general and what usually makes a man attractive to women and quickly realised that I had a lot of characteristics that would make finding a girlfriend very difficult for me.
When I started using tinder at 24 and got nothing
24th birthday I looked at myself in the mirror... Yep.
I knew since early age I knew that I will hardly ever have a girlfriend because I was social reject, around 25 I realized that it is game over for me
Well I’m almost 27 and I have no experience with women at all. And my life is worse than it was when i was 17. No job and disabled   I think it’s finally registering that my life will probably end with me alone. It’s probably gonna end in suicide if I’m being totally real.
Pretty early, 14-15 years old for me. I just realized I’m unattractive and my personality isn’t very conducive to romantic relationships. It’s not really conducive for friendships either but I manage to have at least one friend at a time.
It took my a while to fully realize, I was full of hope and had plenty of crushes growing up, around 18 is when I realized things weren’t getting better, at 22 I’m just giving up and just trying to live for the few people I know want me around 😅
I've been a loner since i was 16. That's where it started. Everything only got worse from then on (my self-esteem, mental health, will to live or to do anything at all...)
When I realized even the "losers" in my highschool had more romantic experience than I had, not to talk of the actual attractive people.  Also when I noticed girls were showing signals of interest towards my attractive friends, then I realized I had never experienced a girl giving me indicators of interest.
I had always assumed I would be. A couple years ago there was a girl that was interested in me and I just completely blew it and killed any chance I may have had. After that I realized even if there was another I'm too bad at being social I would screw it up too. I'm just destined to be alone. So confirmed at 26-27.
Senior year of college. Good lord did I waste college. I actually had a pretty good high school experience and figured maybe I’d have a shot of breaking out of FA but college broke me down and I haven’t recovered.
You all are so young to have completely given up hope.  I’m 44, and spent most of my life wanting a relationship.  The last one I had was when I was 21.  In the last few years I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s not going to happen for me, and I’m actually okay with it.  I am very set in my ways and don’t know that I could adjust my life now to include anyone else.  When I hit 40 and realized that the chances of my having a healthy baby now were about 50%, that was really when I started to let go of my dreams of marriage and children.  Now I have so much freedom that my friends/family with children don’t have, that I feel kind of fortunate.  Add to that that I have mental health issues (severe depression and anxiety) and how awful it would be to bring a child into such a situation, and I’m actually kind of glad things worked out this way.   Being alone forever doesn’t necessarily have to be a BAD thing.    But most of you are far too young to decide you’re going to be alone ‘forever’.  Forever is a LONG time and you have NO idea how much your life is going to change over the next few decades.  Please try to hold on to hope.
I  ( 23M)had nearly 6k followers on Instagram. Posted a picture and it barely broke 20 likes. That’s usually the amount I get now in comparison to high school where I’d usually get 100+. I know this is probably a terrible example but it really put things into perspective because there are many who only have a few hundred followers and still receive way more likes than me in comparison. Just goes to show the number of followers you have mean nothing if you can’t relate to anyone.
when i chose diffrent paths then normal
After highschool, still short, ugly, bas personality. I wasn't going to become attractive there's just no way.
After i hit puberty
It's a slow and gradual process, it always felt like I might be just an inch away from finding a girlfriend given a little bit of luck.   I never believed that I'm not good enough or that every woman would turn me down. At the same time I'm aware that I have a tiny social circle and am far too shy to approach anyone.
At the age of 21. I finally lost my weight(around 30kg) and became fairly in shape! Then i realized it never mattered because for some reason people treated me exactly the same way as before, so it never had anything to do with my looks.   Am i fun to be around? Hell yeah i have few friends which i know some of you dont have but i really did improve my social skills after leaving highschool so i kinda deserved to at least achive that much but i was never even an option for anyone like not even a backup plan of any girl.  So is it my looks? Is it my face? My style?idk but at that age which was 2 years ago i realized the things i do to get out of this miserable situation dont matter hell i mean i got some friends at least i should be happy to get that much out of all that improvement
I my friends didn't like me because I used to be a bully. After that fear rises up
I thought I did after graduating from college and never dating. (Even though I didn't think I knew the term ForeverAlone back then.)   But a couple of women flirted with me on reddit years later and unfortunately gave me hope. Looking at subs like this one I try to destroy the false hope I have.
16? Never had any one who ever expressed any romantic interest in me and every girl I tried to talk to try not to have anything to do with me and any girls I like just straight up tell me to fuck off.
I always just assumed.
When I asked out a crush in highschool and got made fun of for the rest of the year
After my first girlfriend dumped me for being mentally ill.  Honestly, I guess I can't blame her. Some of us just weren't meant to reproduce.
Once I downloaded grindr and got some traction on there and realized how utterly hopeless the entire gay experience is.  EDIT: This realization came probably around age 18-20.
Pretty young. Maybe 10-10. But even younger than that i was very aware that i didnt fit in anywhere.
I think around junior high school at 13, so it's already 14 years ago. With every rejection happened, I always imagined myself that I will still alone at 65. Now, i don't think I'll live past 27 because I also don't have a job.
Senior year of college
When I realised that I've got situational mutism, and that thanks to nobody picking up on it as a child, it means I'm less likely to break away from this mental trap. Throw autism into the mix as well.   Having a voice means everything. Imagine being seen by your peers as this empty shell with no thoughts or feelings, easily shoved about and scrutinized. Missing out on key social development, because your peers excluded you for being "quiet" and involuntary mutism stopped you from joining in. Apply this to friends, apply this to learning how to approach others, apply this to crushes, learning how to flirt, etc.   Plus the feelings of awkwardness and wrongness I feel for even acknowledging my romantic and sexual needs. Imagine being ashamed of that at the age of 21. I've been conditioned by others throughout my school life to feel like a freak of nature, someone who isn't human.  So many comments I've had thrown at me over the years about my appearance. People making vomiting noises at me, being told that my hair's mouldy or that my eyes are too large for my head, getting laughed at a lot within the school premises. Even got told to my face by a group in class that, "We don't like you, only TOLERATE you! Hahahaha!"   Agoraphobia hasn't helped either, started to develop this in my late teens. Became that offended with my very presence, I thought it wasn't worth going outside and sharing it with the world.   It may be easier to speak to someone online, but those feelings of shame and embarrassment won't go away... I feel like an overgrown child.
Just before my first suicide attempt. I was 21.
Right before high school was ending I got depressed because I had no friends, never went on a date and spent all my free time alone in my room.
Well it's a culmination of 6 years of this cycle. Fall in love, embarress myself, get hurt, lower my self esteem. Someone is nice to me, I become clingy, even less self esteem. I realized I was forever alone when I realized that love is my dream, which will go away once I wake up to reality.
I must admit I’ve given up more recently. I tried for a long time. I got married at 24, and it ended when he threatened to kill me and even brought a gun to my new apartment. My relationship after that ended in 2018 after being an abusive relationship and he threatened to kill me and himself. My life is a huge mess because of all it and I’ve given up. I can’t seem to find someone who doesn’t want to kill me in the end (seems to be my fault) so maybe I’ll just be alone.
Around 13. Maybe even earlier. Basically, as soon as I realized the full extent of my mental illness. I try to come to accept this, but it is hard especially during the holiday season.
When i start college at age 19 i realized i am completely alone
17-18.
Yeah that's why I scoff at everyone who posts here about wishing they were young or say that it's impossible to know. I knew as a freshman but was just in denial.
Tbh I felt this way.... But I felt it because in my head for me there is only on girl that I want, but she's gone studing in other country and has a boyfriend and she looks happy with him, probably they will marry... My problem is that we became closer i think, just before she went to other country (in the begining we had fights and we did not like each other and ofc I was rejecting idea that i like her)... Yup we were in same class in middle school and we stayed in some kind of contact after we went to collague but it faded away... I have to say I had two relationships and I was going to dates and used apps and shit... But in reality to me there is no other girl then her and I have to say I don't want anybody else, to me that is a sign that I was destined to be alone... I'm 23 and I have to say desire for relationships and basiclly contact with another human being just fades day after day... To me that represents just waste of time for me... Luckly for me I have many interests in life soo i have things to do 😂
At 25 when I realized that my then GF was sent here to punish me for all the wrongs I’ve ever done. I then learned that she was the last one and that I will never have a good woman.
Don’t say that. Taking one’s life, no matter the reason, is never justified.
I'm in my late 30's and have never had a woman show any genuine sexual interest in me. I had it figured out in my late 20's when I realized that that had never happened.   For people in their teens who still may have some physical changes ahead of them, it might be too soon for them to call themselves FA. For fully grown people, if you don't get any kind of offers then it's never too early to recognize the reality of your situation.
Being FA doesn't mean you litteraly think you'll never have a relationship in your life (as much as some people like to be dramatic about it here). It simly means that you've never had a partner (and often never had sex or as much as a date in your life) and can't imagine meeting someone in the foreesable future (next few months up to years) despite you wanting a relationship very much.
[deleted]
I’ve been through a lot myself. I’ve battled suicide attempts due to army injuries. I’ve lost 2 cousins to suicide. The reasoning is never justified for taking one’s life.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kn2tfi/i_want_to_share_the_good_times_too/
Sometimes I long for someone to be there when life hits me hard. When I lose someone I didn't expect or someone I love acts coldly or cruel to me. However, when life takes a beautiful turn, when the Universe is raining blessings upon me. Why...is there this persistent pain in my heart from not sharing that with someone too? I want to be completely happy and fulfilled in the moment yet that perennial ache persists, as much on the good days as the bad.
It’s human nature to want to share with another person. I don’t believe we were created to be alone in this world. It’s just hard at times to find that one person that feels for you the way we feel for them.
Yes, definitely. Thank you for saying that. For years now, those kind of connections have fallen into that category or similar. The feelings aren't returned in one direction or another. Worse, yet, such experiences left me open to predatory people as well after just being exhausted by aloneness. I've cut all such people away. And am just very much alone in Spirit and in my interior world. This is the harder adjustment. I am used to the physical world being a lonely place. I have mourned the loss of hope itself most of all.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kn1an3/my_take_on_the_confidence_argument/
Now before I proceed I'd like to acknowledge that the advice itself isn't bad. Hell it can be pretty helpful in some fields, but when it comes to romantic relations I think it's criminally overrated.  Sure it CAN help you grow the balls to approach women or anyone of the opposite sex but I really don't think this helps as much as some people think it does. I know there may appear to be an echo chamber of how much looks gets emphasized on this sub but in reality there's a lot of truth to it. Everyone wants to be with someone they're physically attracted to and if you're not attractive physically no amount of confidence in the world will matter much. There's exceptions sure, but far and few. There's also the possibility that said unattractive people that found success have good financial status so that's probably a redeeming factor.   I feel like "confidence" is just a scapegoat used to make people's standards in dating seem less superficial than they are, truth is it's not always as simple as someone getting rejected because they didn't believe in themselves. Same way it's not always as simple as someone getting rejected because of their looks alone, though it plays a big ass part in the dating game especially when you're young. I'll put it like this, and call this anecdotal evidence if you want, but I've seen FAR more attractive people with lack of confidence get into relationships than I've seen unattractive people with confidence get into one. That's just how it is in the world.  I'm not here to shit on confidence as advice overall, it's a very useful tool to help build character and make the best decisions for your life because you know what you want. Unfortunately it's not always the best advice in the context of the dating game specifically, as odd as that may sound. Confidence will get certain people far but for others it don't make a damn difference.
>I feel like "confidence" is just a scapegoat used to make people's standards in dating seem less superficial than they are  This, 100% this.
I don't understand how "lacks confidence" should be less superficial than "doesn't have the looks". Looks somehow aren't negotiable but lack of confidence would just require a bit of perseverance and empathy from the vis-a-vis.  Making good decisions because of confidence is a fallacy. Delusions are rewarded and doubts penalized but this isn't a measure of the quality of the decisions.
If you are average or above average, confidence will increase your chances of success with women a lot. If you are below average, not so much.
It's about perception. When people who are successful in getting into relationships give this advice to people who are not, it's because acting confident worked for them.   People expect attractive people to act confident, and unattractive people to act reserved. So when attractive people lack confidence, and then demonstrate it, their success rates increase. They usually legitimately don't understand that unattractive people who act confident aren't received the same way. This is because they don't consider themselves attractive, and think they were in the same situation as unattractive people.
confidence is bullshit. looks rule everything even outside of dating. my old ugly confident teen self got constantly shot down and bullied until my confidence was on the floor. Later my better looking but still zero confidence self suddenly saw a much warmer world that treated him better.
I'll make a controversial statement myself, looks is the number one scapegoat over here. What is considered attractive differs from person to person but posts like yourselves seem so sure that you fit no ones whatsoever that you're willing to post anecdotal evidence as "this is just how it is in the world." Is it because looks is one of those things that you have no control of? It's as if all you see are attractive people and not attractive people but you do understand that the world isn't divided that equally right? Most people are average. They have to rely on a combination of features to find a partner.  As for confidence, no one is saying that you need a huge amount of it. It starts with at least believing you are deserving of love and that if someone rejects you, its not the end of world and that you did something wrong. Without that baseline, you have no chance of romance. You'll simply push everyone away and you'll likely give up after a few tries when most people didn't find their ideal partner from the first relationship.
When people say they find confidence attractive, they really just mean they find being extroverted/social attractive. A lot of the time genuine confidence is perceived as cockiness and considered unattractive and in need of humility.
And what would society as whole gain by openly admitting that some men and women would never be romantically and sexually desired? Would giving them false hope be the lesser evil considering that nobody knows exactly where is the line that separates the people who actually have the chance of finding someone after "getting more confidence"? Also living with this false hope means that some would at least have a better chance of finding other ways to live in contentment...
I’ve seen a number of your posts on this thread - I think you always give very reasonable advice and are able to communicate it in ways that aren’t as condescending as others can be - and I appreciate that about you.  Perhaps looks are too often a “scapegoat” but I have no unrealistic ideas about looks: I see plenty of people “less attractive” than me in perfectly happy relationships.   I have also seen so, so many people who are admittedly physically attractive but are absolute abhorrent individuals get completely fawned over. And speaking as a woman, there is so much shit a beautiful woman can get away with (like just being a piece of human garbage) and yet plenty of people (men and women) just continue to put up with it.   I believed for a long time that one day my “positive” traits would result in a happy partnership but I just don’t anymore. And I’m honestly just tired of hearing that “confidence is everything.” In my most confident years, I definitely cared less about dating and finding a relationship, but I still had zero-interest shown in my direction. And now that I am in my 30s and I have alopecia....lol. I may as well be invisible.  And contrary to popular belief, I don’t lie around thinking I don’t deserve love or I am unlovable. I actually think I’m pretty cool, or I used to be before alopecia, loss of friendships, and Covid isolation made me horribly, horribly depressed and bitter about everything. But I’m beginning to accept that sometimes *things just don’t work out for everyone* and it doesn’t matter if they are good, deserving of love, or confident. It just doesn’t matter.  Anyway, keep trying to encourage us on this thread, people like me appreciate it.
> Without that baseline, you have no chance of romance. You'll simply push everyone away and you'll likely give up after a few tries when most people didn't find their ideal partner from the first relationship.  You know that there are unattractive people who are not even able to get dates after trying for decades let alone giving up after few failed relationships...
>but posts like yourselves seem so sure that you fit no ones whatsoever that you're willing to post anecdotal evidence as "this is just how it is in the world."  As much as I brought up looks I also acknowledged the fact that it's not the only trait that will get you rejected. I also brought up the fact that confidence isn't inherently bad advice and can be useful in some cases. Tbh I felt like I kept it pretty fair in my post instead of shitting on the confidence advice completely.  I know it's not black and white on the spectrum of looks but in some cases there can be a universal view of attractive vs unattractive. It differs from person to person ofc but there's always gonna be the "most likely vs less likely" spectrum, if that makes sense.  >Most people are average. They have to rely on a combination of features to find a partner.  True, I'm moreso speaking for the youth though like teens-20s. As scapegoated as looks can be here I can see why people in that age range here use it. Because it is a HUGE factor in finding a partner. Not the only factor but imo one of the biggest ones.
>What is considered attractive differs from person to person  XD... You can just be unattractive or have features that are pretty much universally unattractive.  >Most people are average. They have to rely on a combination of features to find a partner.  This doesn't really matter if you're actually way below average.
Thank you, I enjoyed reading your post. Its always a delight to get someone that has been helped even if its a little.   Your point about seeing less attractive people is certainly interesting and I wonder if its the same for others on here. Its strange but from some of these posts, you would think that everyone they see is a 10/10. I imagine this is a combination of confirmation bias(ignoring the couples that aren't as attractive because that would dispute the importance of looks), or maybe they dismiss those couples as "exceptions."   I've seen those attractive people with terrible personalities get fawned over in both genders. I used to hate it and get jealous as well. Till my friend dated one and remained with that individual as they were verbally and physically abused simply because they were attractive. Not to say that its always like that but it lends some perspective. I cant stop anyone from being willing to date someone that isn't good for them based on looks but at the end of the day, thats between them and the person. Its easy to give up but altruism and other lofty features are still favored.  I definitely agree that confidence isn't everything. When approaching the world of dating, you have to be aware of your strengths and weaknesses. A baseline of "rejection will happen but I'm committed to trying" is a good start. I know some skew information like making themselves seem taller or photoshop pictures but all of that will get revealed once you meet up. Might as well be honest in the first place
>there is so much shit a beautiful woman can get away with (like just being a piece of human garbage) and yet plenty of people (men and women) just continue to put up with it.   Tell that to Amber Heard...
Yes but that wasn't the point of that specific quotation.
You were fair at first till you took your own anecdote as thats how the world works. That ISN'T how the world works.   Yes, theres a spectrum and most fall in the middle. So why the focus on attractive people and what they can do?   For Teens-20s, looks play a part, sure. But what is getting solved by bringing up the most attractive people besides setting up an unreasonable expectation. It is reminiscent of an average Joe completely ignoring the millions of normal people and envying billionaires and all that they can do. If you're below average, the focus should be to get up to being average. Whether thats through working on the physical, mental or something else.
I addressed the issue of being below average. Best thing to do is work towards being average, if you want a partner. This can be done through fitness,(if it applies)mentally, socially and so on.
Fucking thank you. Even if the "curve" is average it means fuck all if you're below said curve.
You are correct - It is very interesting to see the depths of confirmation bias in subreddits like this, but I have to think a lot of it is due to age/maturity. It’s hard going through college, a time where dating and hookups are thrown in your face constantly, and you feel like a pariah at worst or wallflower at best.   Of course I mean no judgement on people if that’s their circumstance - I was once 22 having the same thoughts myself.  But now that I am older, I still generally feel hopeless about the “forever alone” situation but for entirely different reasons - I no longer think there is anything “wrong” with me for having been profoundly single my entire life. Though my self esteem has been wrecked the past 2 years for reasons I previously explained. I know becoming bitter won’t help my case but I teeter on it constantly these days because I’m mentally sick of everything. Not to mention I wanted partnership (possibly a kid) like most people but my time for that is pretty much over and now men in my age range only want to date 20-something year olds because they want that, too. But I don’t have that option.   Que sera, sera.
I don’t think I understand your comment...
>You were fair at first till you took your own anecdote as thats how the world works  Because in many cases besides my own that does tend to be how the world works. Like I said there are exceptions but not enough to completely rule out looks as a big factor.   >Yes, theres a spectrum and most fall in the middle  According to what? Your standards? Wouldn't this also just be a personal view instead of the world's standard of attractiveness?  >But what is getting solved by bringing up the most attractive people besides setting up an unreasonable expectation.  Dawg all I'm doing is expressing my view of confidence advice in the dating game. I'm not here to "solve" anything 😂
You can't out workout an ugly face. You can try what you can to try to make it in averagehood but there's really only so much you can do, unless you fuck with surgery. This also kinda proves my initial point about "simply needing confidence" if you're in this stage.
Maybe I'll grow a foot if i train enough.
Dating and some amount of hookups are always going to exist. Same with songs, movies and other products centered around them since it sells and has the relatability factor.   Unfortunately, you are right that finding someone will be much more harder as you're older and a woman. Some might try to undermine that but its there. Best of luck
An arguably attractive actress from the aquaman movie is getting assblasted rn because of the johnny depp situation.
How about besides anecdotes, is there any data? Cause I could point to my own experiences and they've shown me that most of those attractive people getting away with whatever are a tiny minority. They also don't get very far in terms of relationships and have nothing to be envious of.   Nope. This is simple statistics. Look at the bell curve. In any population, most are average. Average in wealth, height and so on. If this wasn't true for the world, most couples would be dominated by the most attractive people but as we both know, those types are rare.   Thats fair enough if you're not trying to come up with a solution.
I was actually referring to those that have issues such as being overweight and/or having chubby cheeks. It also has the after effect of helping you feel better with yourself and your body.
Lol, I meant things within reason
I appreciate your sentiment of support for her. Had my comment said “only good things happen to beautiful women” then maybe you would have a point but that’s completely not what I said or implied.   What I did say is that there are beautiful women out there who are pieces of human shit and I implied that because they are conventionally attractive, they are able to get away with horrible/irresponsible/bat-shit-crazy behaviors and have more potential to find partners than non-beautiful, non-pieces-of-human-shit women (and by default, more than non-beautiful women who also display horrible/irresponsible, etc). Because, looks.
I mean if you wanted to use your anecdotal evidence to counter mine I ain't gonna stop you. Problem is there's literally studies proving how looks impact the way people treat you to some degree.  I'm not saying you gotta be the most attractive guy or girl on the block to get lucky. I'm saying in the grand scheme of things looks play a big part in the context of romantic relations, that's just an obvious fact. Ofc you need other things going for you but you need at least some form of physical attractiveness. Which I understand varies from person to person but like I said there are some aspects of one's attractiveness that tend to be generally universal. Obviously not to each and every individual but the majority.
I'm talking about unattractiveness that can't really be changed. Like facial features. Maybe I should've clarified that in my og post but there's really only so much you can do about that to get by. That's why this "just be confident" advice has a lot of beef here, it doesn't apply to everyone. Can be useful in other fields but not in the dating field.
Fair enough. Misread your comment.
Let me give you a hypothetical. How about a guy that is average but due to a lack of confidence and trauma, they don't consider themselves worthy of being loved. What can they do at that point?   Confidence by itself is no guarantee but its an essential building block to a healthy relationship. Keyword healthy because there are tons of unhealthy relationships with individuals that are desperate.
Ok! Sorry if that response was bitchy, 😂, sometimes I let loose online because I can be reserved IRL with strangers.
>Let me give you a hypothetical. How about a guy that is average but due to a lack of confidence and trauma, they don't consider themselves worthy of being loved. What can they do at that point?   Obviously at THAT point confidence is a helper, but with this you're bringing up a different spectrum of people that can actually better benefit from a confidence boost.  Someone that's below average may not benefit as much from a simple gain of confidence because that's not the only factor holding them back. If you look like Sloth from the Goonies 9 times out of 10 no one's gonna care how worthy you deem yourself of love lol, your ass will still get rejected. The game really isn't that just. Especially in the age group I mentioned. That is indeed how the world works.
Nah, everyone needs that base level of confidence to think that they are worthy of love. It doesn't guarantee you anything by itself but at the very least, you won't deny someone that could have potentially liked you. Im sure you've seen some of the comments of guys that say "even if a girl said she liked me, I would think she was playing a joke." The thing with life is that you never know what will happen. Sloth from goonies could have a huge lucky break out of nowhere.   I dont recall saying that it would benefit someone less attractive the same way. I said its an important foundation for everyone.   I also don't understand this approach of looking at dating and the world as a game and complaining that its rigged or unjust. Youre preaching to the choir. Life sucks but I don't think you should view dating/love as a game. Thats making something that is important, unique; and complex and turning it into something trivial.
>"even if a girl said she liked me, I would think she was playing a joke  Tbf maybe it's because they've probably been burned so many times.  >Life sucks but I don't think you should view dating/love as a game. Thats making something that is important, unique; and complex and turning it into something trivial  Because it can be trivial at times. These days in the youth it practically IS a game
They've been burned in the past many times but how does one know that the future will be the same? Its a hard job but part of confidence is being able to disassociate from your past self and move on from that.   When you refer to it to a game, youre falling into the image that the media makes. No, not everyone is a 10/10 tiktoker with money and sex whenever. I believe many other redditors make that mistake. They see that media and think thats all there is to being a youth and give up because they are nowhere near that level. Does sex, hookups and such exist? Yes, but nowhere near the levels that tiktok and others make it sound to be. Thats a game, an image that sells but not a reflection of most people.
Who says I'm only basing my views on media imagery alone? Who says I'm only basing my views on 10/10 tiktokers? It's just basic knowledge that average and up don't have to rely on confidence as much as people below average. Hence why I have a problem with that advice to a degree, it's doesn't apply to the whole spectrum.  >They've been burned in the past many times but how does one know that the future will be the same  Sure technically no one knows but unless people in the future just randomly grow some attraction to below average looking people it's pretty fair assume your future won't be that drastically different. Doesn't mean you should give up, I still think people should work hard to get where they wanna go. I just think confidence is just a tad bit overused. Same way you view looks as overused
It goes without saying that for most things, an FA person has to do more than an average person. Im not sure how you can have a problem with that fact. For example, an average guy can get rejected and although he may feel sad, he will move on at a much faster rate. Do you not think a higher level of confidence goes into that? It's confidence that reminds him that he still has value, has support and there are other people to talk to. It's not relying less, its that average people start off with a much higher baseline confidence. Average people don't mistake a girl being nice to them as a chance to make a move or hang on to a crush for years as they watch that crush date others. Because to remain in those situations would be to continually bring down your own confidence.   We'll see how the future goes and it will be something to keep an eye on to see how society and people adapt to the fact that online holds such a big value in our life, including dating. Also remembering the rise of feminism, I think there will be some interesting dynamics but ultimately, the issue of gender inbalance will be the biggest question. As far as I know, there are way more women in most countries than guys. This is even more apparent at colleges
>an FA person has to do more than an average person. Im not sure how you can have a problem with that fact  ...how can someone NOT have a problem with having to work harder than the average joe at literally anything just to get the barely get the bare minimum if anything at all? Is this really a head scratcher for you? 😂  >an average guy can get rejected and although he may feel sad, he will move on at a much faster rate  Because they have more options and are more likely find a romantic partner.  >It's confidence that reminds him that he still has value,  And the fact that they were actually given a shot by the opposite sex. Most people (especially the young) don't just become confident out of thin air, or at least stick to it for long, if their lives have shown them there's not much reason to.  Put it this way, notice how a lot of people when they've broken up in a relationship tend to enter this stage of not only sadness, but a depressive self deprecative state. Not all people ofc but a LARGE amount. If a person that's actually been given the time of day can feel like that after a few months or year(s) of lack of romantic interaction how the hell are people who've never even been considered worthy of dating in their lives supposed to feel?   I get where you're coming from and I appreciate your optimism, but most people that are in fact confident tend to at least have something to back it up. Something to lean on to hold up the little confidence they may have. Not everyone has that, so it's hard for someone to "just be confident", especially the people in the below average spectrum. Looks may not be everything but they sure as hell matter in the dating world, after all it's the first thing people see when they meet you.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kn2cks/how_to_handle_things_alone_when_you_will_be_old/
I can spend my whole life alone without anyone. I'm already used to living alone without friends and relationships, and such things, but the thought which scares me is, when I'll be old, ill and need medical help, and the only person who cares about me and knows me, my parents, will be gone, how will I manage things on my own? Imagine being on wheelchair, and need to go to hospital on your own. I don't know what kind of technology will be there in future, but assume I won't have any robot to serve me, how will I deal with things then, when I'll be incapable to do?
Tbh, if you're in a wheelchair, there are many services for the disabled to be able to get around, like specialized transit vehicles. You'd need to apply for them but it's not like disabled people can't be independent. There are service dogs that can also help or at-home caregivers who's sole purpose is to help you in daily life.   Yeah it's not the same as having a partner to help you, but such services are already available in today's age. Disabled and elderly aren't just left to rot lol.
It's simple. You will commit suicide long before you have to worry about that.
Lol if I get diagnosed with a chronic illness or anything debilitating I’m blowing my brains out the instant I get home. No point in me suffering through the bullshit of life when I have absolutely nothing or nobody to live for.
I didn't know such things exists. Sorry for asking such dumb questions. But, yeah, your response just relieved stress a bit.
Everyone needs an escape plan.
Don't worry, it's not a dumb question! Most people don't aren't fully aware of all the ins and outs of disabled life. But I'm happy to have relieved some of that stress.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmtnox/for_anyone_looking_for_a_friend_description_below/
I underdstand how it feels to be lonely. For me its been seven years since an actual friend due to moving around so much. Im 24 (M), musician, working towards my computer science degree, and understand the feeling of being truly alone although I manage to cope well with the fact considering the time Ive done. If you wanna shoot me a message go for it. Thought Id lend a hand out to anybody feeling lonely. Hope you guys are doing well.
Also 24m, musician, was doing comp sci but quit to do music. Been lonely for most of my life so can cope. Wish you all the best tho
I appreciate it man.
If it makes you feel any worse, supposedly tortured artists make the best music. Or not I dunno what they say. Just all the greats are crazy or something
yes, it is true to some extent but i doubt any of them enjoyed being tortured even if they made something great.
I think that holds some value but most of the time it really depends. Plenty of miserable artists who make mediocre work. Same goes for alcoholics and drug addicts, doesnt make me a better artist, but you do see a lot of fucked up people have success in that field.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmw972/unsure_how_to_proceed_in_life_as_a_fa/
I have been lurking for a long time on here but finally decided to post. I just kinda want to vent a little a hear your thoughts.  Im 22M and never had a relationship. Never came anywhere close to having one. Never really tried that hard to be fair though. I’ve always felt inferior to others around me and I don’t really know why. I had a great upbringing despite having divorced parents. They both loved me and encouraged me to do things but I never had any ambition for much.   Being single didn’t start to bother me incredibly until the last couple of years. Many of my friends and peers have relationships and many of them are married, so I guess I saw what I was missing out on. In my current situation though it is impossible to meet women. Im done with school and live with my parents in a town I didn’t grow up in, so all my friends are hours away. And frankly idk what id even do if I had the opportunity to get in a relationship. I feel like I let life pass me by in that regard.  I tried the Tinder but you all know how that goes. My co-worker tried to set me up with one of her friends and we are talking still but she doesn’t seem that interested honestly. Im 5’8, overweight and have no confidence so if we meet I bet she will not be impressed anyway. All of that on top of the fact that I hate the job I studied 4 years to get has me in a daze. I work for my father at a small accounting firm and I am drastically underpaid. Idk it just feels like nothing is going right. Im lonely and I’m questioning every decision I’ve ever made.   I dread my first tax season that is upcoming at work so bad that I’ve began wishing I would die soon. Id never kill myself though I would hurt too many people in my life. I have also started drinking more and more to cope with my emotions. I feel like a relationship would give me some motivation and a reason to get up every day but perhaps not idk. Im not sure how to fix my predicament. Im just at a very low point and I needed to vent somewhere. If you took the time to read this then god bless and I wish you the best of luck.
The good:  - you have friends - you have a job - you're young  The bad:  - you're overweight - you have low self esteem - you're underpaid / stressed about your job  My advice:  - work on the weight (easier said than done obviously) - forget about online dating completely, it will only lower your self esteem even more - have a plan for your career, I don't know where you live, but as someone also working in an accounting firm, here accountants have the easiest time finding a job and if an accountant is getting underpaid + having pressure put on him it means he is massively getting fucked over
Sounds a lot like me, except I didn't even start trying till my 30's. If you think you've got it hard now at 22, hoo boy...  If you're anything like me, a relationship would give you continued motivation. But to that point, you should also be motivated to find the relationship that will keep you motivated. To start? You're overweight. You can fix that. Drink less, start exercising. The nice thing is that if you're diligent, regular exercise not only makes you more physically fit but releases endorphins that will help you manage your mental stress. You might eventually come to hate it less, y'know? Maybe you just need to find the right activities, like say intramural sports. Find a hiking group or rock-climbing group or whatever, kill two birds with one stone vis-a-vis growing a social life.  Confidence... well, that has to come from within unfortunately, nobody can force you to become confident (therapy sometimes helps here but it's no guarantee). But you have a degree, no? You have a steady job, whether or not you like it. Lose some weight and get buff, maybe look into some basic fashion, then you can look in the mirror and be proud of what you've accomplished physically. Realize the mental resilience you've proven to have survived till now and continue on. That's all stuff to be proud of! Being confident is about knowing your worth, even if others can't see it. Focus on the facts, not what others perceive.  Can't say I can help much on the career front, as my post-college career has gone about as poorly as one can imagine. But if you can afford it (I sure can't), you might consider doing something else. Do you hate your job because of the details of the profession, family pressure, or just the people you work with? (I'm guessing not the latter if you're friendly enough with coworkers they're trying to get you laid, yo.) You could try to find a job somewhere else, anywhere else, just to start forging your own path in life separate from your father. A new location might give you renewed vigor in building a more fulfilling social life and allow you to find the right people to build it with. Doesn't have to be a big city, but you should weigh the "big town" feel you ostensibly hate against the increased opportunities you'll have to find what you really want. Maybe there's a happy medium for you too.
I live in a rural area. I could probably find a better paying job in the profession somewhere, especially if I moved to a bigger town. I hate big towns though so that doesn’t appeal to me. If I pass my CPA exam ill make better money and maybe become partner with my father at his firm but the thing is I don’t think I have a passion for accounting and I hate many aspects of it. I really don’t want to go back to school for something else and idk what I would do anyway. I’ve considered just quitting it altogether but I’m gonna go through this tax season and make a decision from there, but I would hate to waste all that time and money I spent in school studying this profession.   I am done with online dating that shit is stupid. I hate working out and eating healthy, I tried it many times and although I looked better I hated doing it. Perhaps I just need to suck it up and do it anyway but I have no motivation to do anything really at the moment. I just never thought I would feel this way in my life.
Thanks for your insight. I know I should try to become more healthy, but every time I tried in the past I just hated and I would always blow up bigger than I was before. It may help with my self esteem so I probably should try, its just so hard when you feel the way I do now. I have never been confident but yes I have a masters degree, but school is basically you pay and get a degree if you have any amount of intelligence at all. I don’t find much pride in it.  People tell me I am too hard on myself, but I don’t think im hard enough. I should be better. I would rather die than go back to school honestly my first time around made me have a deep hatred for the education system and Im tired of studying. I think its the profession that is bothering me, my father and coworkers are great honestly. I thought about moving on to another job but I would likely hate that as well I think. I should’ve just studied something else the first time and not followed in my fathers foot steps just because I had no passion for anything else. He even told me not to and I didn’t listen.
Working with your father if you're getting underpaid doesn't look like a good deal at all to me tbh. If I was working with family, I'd want to be paid way more, not the other around.   Starting over is a possibility since you're young, but I'd definitely try working in a new company first as the work environnement could be completely different.  As for working out / eating healthy, yeah that stuff is beyond annoying, but being overweight absolutely makes you less attractive to the vast majority of women so if you want to increase your chances at finding a gf one day, you'll have to do it.
Its not really the work environment its just the job itself. Don’t think its for me. And working elsewhere away from my comfort zone is scary but if I continue feeling this way Ill have to do something.   I feel like even if I were healthy no woman would want me anyway. Short, stocky, shy, no confidence is not what anyone wants regardless of fitness. In the past when I was healthier nobody showed any interest so idk why they would if I were again. Deep down I know your right though I just have a hard time thinking of myself positively.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmmwr2/online_dating_is_a_waste_for_us/
I tried really hard to do online dating like gave it a real try during COVID lockdowns time and I literally only got one match that might have gone somewhere but turns out it was just for validation for her. Anytime I would show my friends the matches I got they would say something like, "Ehhh, I guess she's cute, but you should take what you can get." Fucking awesome, even my friends think I'm not a good catch.  I tried to do dating on Reddit and they basically all ghosted me or made up some reason to stop talking to me once they saw my pictures. And during our family zoom calls nobody asked about my relationship status, guess they all think I'm Forever Alone too.
I've recently tried online dating again and already I'm thinking of deactivating it. It's kind of just a waste of time.
I gave up online dating years ago cause  was tired of ruining my already low self esteem time and time again. Truth is too much competition, and unless you're 6 foot tall with lots of money or friends it is just a waste of time for the average guy. Dating sites seem to be all about profit nowadays anyways.
I decided a long time ago it was a waste of time for me to even try online dating.
I’ve been doing it. Hinge, Tinder, and Bumble. Have gotten about 7 or 8 matches after swiping through probably 1k at this point. For all of these matches I type one message and the woman disappears into thin air. Not like I’m typing anything offensive or sending a dick pic. It’s usually just something along the lines of “cool pic” or “tell me more about this story”.  If women wanna swipe left on me that’s cool. Trust me, I’m not a catch and that’s their prerogative. Women who match and then ghost me after one or two messages, I just can’t stand. Part of me thinks these are dupe accounts made by the apps to keep me interested. But I’m probably just huffing copium and am drunk again or both.
It's a giant waste of time if you aren't physically attractive. Looks are almost all that matters.If you are attractive, people will just halo effect your personality.
Attempting online dating was horrible for my mental state.  I'm pretty sure online dating only works for people who don't need it in the first place, and for everyone else it is at best an extremely sick joke.  It might sound good on paper, but in practice, it just doesn't work.  If online dating is your "only option," you are wrong: you actually have two options, despair or despair+frustration, and online dating is the latter.
I’ve tried Tinder, Bumble, POF, MeetMe, etc. It’s hopeless. I deleted all of them.
> Online dating is a waste ~~for us~~  FTFY
I agree with you, but I’m still thinking of trying it because I don’t know how to meet women in real life, especially where I live and especially right now.
>~~Online~~ [D]ating is a waste for us
OLD is hard, I get matches and some lead to dates  but 0 success so far after the first date, likely because I tend to be really shy during it and not really my true self.   If not for OLD, I don't even know what other avenue I can have sadly. I can't drink so I can't even go to a bar like a normal person.
People online just want ego boosts, which isn't really that different than real life. Maybe less money, but not that different.
Dating apps are awful not just because no one likes me, but because I don't like anyone. It's really depressing. My area is full of ass shots, snarky jokes I've heard a thousand times, and an eagerness to replace personality with identity. I just don't like anyone, and that's even more depressing than not being liked. Maybe I'm meant to be alone forever. I just can't deal with how shallow people are. The sad thing is that it's not like I'm a prize. Maybe I would have been cool to hang out with 5 years ago when I still had my vigor and humor. Trauma scraped away any redeeming qualities I may have had. Now I'm just a fat anxious loser complaining about what people have become. Still, I abide by my feelings.   Idk, it's just so weird that with the internet we ostensibly have an unprecedented choice in shaping our tastes and personalities, but on dating apps you end up seeing the same three types of girls over and over again. Whatever, I'm done rambling, I'm sure most people will think I'm a begging chooser, though I'm certainly not begging or choosing. Just grieving my life and all the possibilities I thought were out there when I was younger.
Online dating is a waste of time if you’re clearly overweight. I’m not saying this to sound mean, it’s just that online dating sites (especially those marketed towards hookup) are primarily focused on your looks which makes sense.    Of course, there’s plenty of fat people in relationships. 30% of Americans are obese yet I’m pretty sure most of them aren’t virgins or FA.   So surely there must be a way to find someone.
Online dating apps showed me that apparently some decent looking girls can find me attractive. That's about it. But I'll see what I can do with that.
It is. Also don't buy anything there as it's also a waste of money.
I tried Craigslist, OkCupid, Webdate years ago its all b.s.
I know all that but desperation, lack of human contact, and the hope of sex during the pandemic made me sign up again. I'm below average height, no money, no job/career, so literally nothing to brag about on a dating profile.
I can tell you from personal experience that it is also a waste of time for a guy who is 6 feet tall and has a lot of friends lol
Most intellectual comment I've seen here for a long time 👑
Just make sure you have really good photos of yourself. No selfies, no bathroom shots, the lighting in your photo is good, your face is well lit , you have 4 different photos that aren’t too similar to each other and also show your different hobbies.   And no sending generic messages such as “hi” or “hey” for the first message.  Look at their photos and their bio and send a message based on that.   I’m not saying you’ll get a lot of matches, you may not even get a date (a lot of that depends on your looks) but if you put in the effort to get really good photos of yourself, you’ll increase your chances of getting matches and getting dates.   Just be aware that you may have to swipe on 500, 1000, maybe even 5000 girls before you get a date.  That all depends on your looks, the quality of your photos, and the quality of your messages.
The interesting thing is, couldn't someone also describe you as the stereotypical doomer/depressed individual that is quick to think society is awful?   We all play a niche, you shouldn't view yourself as above that. The important thing is realizing that people are more than just their online persona. Whether they share that other side or not is another question and the hard part is being someone that people comfortable enough to share that side with. But approaching them with preconceptions of women being 3 personality types is going to cloud that approach.
I definitely don't plan to lmao
Hobbies and interests can fill conversation gaps. Sucks you don't have a job, but lots of people don't rn due to COVID - but who wants to talk about work anyway? I totally prefer to discuss a person's hobbies and interests over career stuff.
I feel you not had much contact these past few years either. My profile lacked all that stuff too and got nowhere but lots of dead ends. I paid for sites and still got nothing. I just gave up and never looked back. Best of luck.
Oh I know but you'd be surprised how many dating profiles of women flat out state they refuse to date under six feet. So they rule out a large percentage of men for something us short guys can't help haha.
Mad because the truth hurts? Looks and money equal having it easier than most.
>The interesting thing is, couldn't someone also describe you as the stereotypical doomer/depressed individual that is quick to think society is awful?  Of course, and I never pretended otherwise. Now if I could just find a doomer on a dating app that'd be fantastic.   I'm not demanding anyone change. I never even talk with these people so my opinion of them is inconsequential and doesn't hurt anybody. I just wish the world wasn't like this. It makes me so sad. And I don't buy the playing a niche excuse; yes, to a certain extent everyone puts up a mask. But why is that mask so ugly? I used to play normie games too before my trauma completely obliterated any desire to involve myself anymore, and even though I wore a mask it wasn't entirely disconnected with who I was. Why show all those ass shots and rave about all your favorite music which is just flaunting social status in rhyme if in private you're actually a sensitive soul who watches french cinema and listens to radiohead? Sorry, I just don't buy it.
Sorry, I guess I wasn't really clear enough, but there weren't any gaps in conversation to fill. If I got matches on apps like 95% were either no response or just one-word answers. There was the one where we actually talked but was nothing, and then women from reddit who ran once I shared pics of me.
Apparently most people want to talk about work haha ! Literally the last person I matched with talked about it all the time and then didn’t think my job was good enough even though I was making more money than her and her dad owned the company she was working for so that’s kind of an unfair advantage in getting a good job anyway ! Guess I’m in the minority of people that don’t really care about money as well which works against me...like sure I’ll work and obviously want enough to get by but the idea of being mega rich has never appealed to me in the slightest. People have nothing and can barely eat yet there are billionaires hoardings more money than they’ll ever need and spend whilst doing nothing and telling people who work a 40hr week that they’re lazy or dumb for not having a well paying job whilst most of them were just lucky enough to be born into wealth !
I think this actually leads to some 5'10 and 5'11 guys lying and saying they are 6 foot when they aren't. Therefore maybe making some women think there are more 6 foot tall men than there really is and not realizing just how tall 6 foot actually is.   edit- also I think online dating forces people makes people rely more on easily measurable metrics even if people sometimes lie about them.  another edit- an example of how 6 foot obviously matters less in real life, If you take a 6 foot guy with "bad posture" he would seem shorter the 5'11 guy with "good" posture.
There's a lot, also tons of women ask that question too and unmatch if the answer isn't what they want. I had one woman who was 5'5 say that I wouldn't be tall enough in heels next to her even though I was still taller....It's crazy out here lol
I wasn't being sarcastic why have people downvoted me lol? I was being serious.. Looks are almost everything today. Intellectual means intelligent comment🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Lol, why would a doomer be on a dating app? I'm not expert on doomers but I imagine regardless of gender, they would keep to more low-key activities.  Are you sure you know enough to say that the world is like this? Cause it sounds more like you're making generalizations based on bad experiences as well as your trauma. In which case, working on that would be a good start. Humans are much too complicated for you to see as one or the other and every person has a million circumstances affecting how they present themselves. Look at it this way, someone could look at you and see your weight and conclude you're not worth getting to know based on that and it would only hurt you. What makes them look at you like that? Perhaps they had a bad experience with someone fat, or something completely different but just as they need to rise above that, we all do. Also, sometimes people don't share that because they're afraid. Maybe they were vulnerable before and someone took advantage of that. It takes someone willing to meet halfway to have any chance of changing things.  Things like "normie games" are exactly part of the problem that im speaking of. Regular people arent that different in many ways. Because again, we all want to connect and be accepted. Normie games is the opposite of connecting with people.
I was thinking more like you could brag about/focus your profile on hobbies or interests instead of work  :)
I’m really surprised because I’ve never encountered this issue. Is this an American thing?
I know some women from the EU also like tall men, but this stereotype is perpetuated by men just as much as by women.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmwfv0/my_plan_for_new_years_eve_and_the_week_after/
Eat a light breakfast.  Get called a terrorist or a psychopath by random busybodies again while sharpening my tools' blades.  Laugh at the horror movie protagonist level idiocy of harassing someone you don't know who is in the middle of sharpening various knives, saws, and other slashy and stabby bits and politely warning you to stay back. There's a reason I'm wearing safety glasses.  Get rid of some more weeds and bushes.  Get questioned by the police at the request of the earlier meddlers until they realize it's my damn house and yard.  Laugh at the cops' attempts to tell the idiots to leave me alone, knowing full well they always come back.  Put oil and gas in the tools and do whatever easy maintenance is needed.  Put the tools away.  Eat lunch.  Shower and shave.  Cry myself to sleep.  Wake up right after the neighbors start shooting fireworks and 1 hour before they start shooting guns.  Hang out in the storm shelter until they run out of ammo, in case they hit the side of the house again.  Eat a light dinner.  Go back to sleep. Crying optional.  Repeat for 6-10 days as needed.
Jesus man, your neighbors sound crazy
Bro, I like the shower part.  New Years Eve hit me worse than Valentines Day. They show happy couples kiss at midnight. I would end up sobbing thinking about how lonely I was.
Everybody's their own little brand of crazy nowadays. I just wish they'd recognize I'm not a threat to them so I can have a little peace.
Yes! Holidays are the worst. All I think about is how I'm not good enough for anyone.
If you're in the US, you can call your non-emergency police number and report them for discharging firearms ahead of time, especially if they previously shot your house. Hopefully the police will take it seriously and be in the area to catch them in the act.
Somebody was murdered here months back and they didn't care. I reported the shots that afternoon, the cops acted like I was lying to them, and early next morning, the guy was dead, his car stolen, and his house burned with his body inside.  *I feel like I'm living in a war zone.*
Gotcha. And people actually complain about defunding the police...
Yeah... They did "defund" them. Kinda. The mayor and the police chief got into a little bit of a disagreement about the nature of police funding. The mayor wanted to hire more officers, the police chief wanted a fatter wallet.  The chief was fired, the force disbanded, the decent cops going off to other departments and the sheriff's office, and we're back to the Old West days of the sheriff's deputies being the sole law enforcement.
Sounds like they defunded the wrong cops.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmbts7/for_the_first_time_i_held_hands_hugged_and_kissed/
I'm 29. I've been on this sub for 5 years, on and off. I just went from being a KHHV to just a virgin.  I posted a backstory a couple of weeks ago about everything leading up to this with spicy details (no privacy concerns tho), but the post got insta removed without a real explanation from the mods. It was spicy, kinda dangerous and hella complicated, so I guess content like this isn't welcome here.  But anyway, Initially we met on tinder, after weeks of chatting, today we met in her car, talked a lot, held hands, hugged and kissed couple of times. The kissing part was a bit awkward and kinda short, it didn't really feel that enjoyable to me tbh. There are plenty of crazy details that I could talk about on how we met and everything leading up to it, but it would probably be removed again. Overall it was a really good and warm experience. Nothing mind blowing, but I'm definitely seeing the light again after a very long time of darkness and void.  We both enjoyed it and are planning to meet again soonish.
Congrats dude! Just remember to keep yourself grounded, hope for the best, but mentally prepare for the worst.
Easier said than done, but dont overthink and you will enjoy it
Congrats dude. Hope things keep getting better for you
Another has climbed out of the pit. Good work OP!
I'm glad for you, but I don't understand why you didn't enjoy the kiss?
Awesome, keep at it
You’re one step closer to getting the fuck out of this sub.
Great job dude. I'm proud of you. And I hope more good things come to you
I'm happy for you. Being unattractive made my chances next to zero.
Proud of you man! Congrats!
[deleted]
Congrats man! I had that happen months ago at 28
WHAT was her reaction if you dont mind me hasking. IN a similar situation  and kinda afraid to see the her reaction if she knows.
This made me smile =) im very happy for you
Congrats man! Let us know how the second date turns out. As a fellow 29 year old you're giving me the smallest sliver of hope.
Congratulations my friend, it looks like you’ve finally found your way onto a set path for escaping this nightmare. Now you must simply treat her with all due love, affection, and understand. In the hope that what you have can blossom into what you need (an active relationship). I wish the best for you! Congratulations!
Hey congrats, you are living the dream
Good job dude. Hope it keeps going well!
You arent FA
It's never too late to change your fate.
Yeah. Being on this sub for this long has preped me for this, I think. Reading all the semi success stories, I'm not planning my wedding, or anything, that's for sure.
For sure. Especially when I'm a person that needs comfort and be used to something to enjoy it. But thinking about it now it was a good experience. I might have needed to be slightly more dominant tho, not sure.
Because he is doing it for the first time. it is like sex, that is not how we idealize and just like any other huma activity, it needs praticing to become something you get used to and can enjoy in its full potency.
I'm not sure, maybe I was too self conscious, didn't know if I was doing okay, also leaning in for the kiss in a car wasn't very comfortable. And because she stopped it, both times, when I wanted for it to go longer to really get into it.
I’m guessing that kissing isn’t that enjoyable until you’re super comfortable with it.
Wow. What a break down. The thing is, with her it might be bit different, but I can't share the details for risk of this getting deleted again. Besides that, she was the only girl from my scarce tinder matches that kept responding, even though the messages we rare and cold at first, it felt like pulling teeth, but she always responded, sooner or later. That in itself was different. I wasn't getting ghosted as usual. But I had to put a lot of work in, and opening up to do, before she felt even slightly comfortable on meeting, even then, she flaked one time a week before. The situation and all the circumstances she's in, are really scaring her to meet up. But I can't share the details.
Reaction about what? I didn't tell her about me having no experience, if that's what you mean. This sub tought me better.
I let my guard down twice this year and got shattered both times, not the greatest feeling in the world
nah sex just isn't that interesting.. if you have a good sex toy you know what it's like.
Can you share per DM?
For some reason, my mind is calm right now, like not racing at all, no hopes about this really, beyond our second meet up.
If you say so...
Check your pms.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmkxnv/i_think_i_have_hit_my_breaking_point_with_being/
I have tried using Tinder, Bumble , Hinge  I have tried talking to girls i know and girls i don't know to well  I have tried posting pics on instgram and putting my self out there.   &#x200B;  I would like to have a girlfriend to hang out, cuddle and do things together but it's just really tough for me. **At the vary least ,**it would be nice just to have a girl that just wants to be friends and go out and do fun things like hiking, playing pool , going bowling, ect. Man it sucks.   I think my plan is to go to a strip club and spend $100 to get a private room with a stripper and just cuddle with her for whatever time i can get.
You would be better served by going to a masseuse, and less likely to get booted by security (or worse)
Good luck, dont get addicted to this behavior and dont drain your bank account, i got dissapointed with the experience. And regret it
Can you even go to a strip club in these covid days?
There’s a pandemic, don’t be selfish
Strip Clubs are nice but most of them you can't touch the Women or the bouncers get upset. Like the other commenter said try to stick to a budget cause you can easily blow though 100 bucks in under 20 minutes, and remember these Women only want your money.
Go get a massage instead, it’ll probably be better for your mental health
Wouldn't a massage be better.
I say go for it. A masseuse is not going to cuddle you, or sit on your lap, or let you touch her.
> touch starved  I've heard people use this phrase before as though it is a real thing.  What exactly is it and how does it manifest?
[removed]
i second the masseuse  the strip club is for maintaining a 3 hour hardon and pretending like the hundreds of dollars you’ve spent on badly mixed drinks and questionable looking women was well spent
Go to shitty clubs and you can suck on their tits
When you have had no physical contact with anyone on a but not limited to, intimate level or hell even like a genuine long hug. Not one of those greeting or quick friend hugs.    There’s more to it, especially on a lonely level but that’s the quick jist of it
Is this a joke? Please be
Don’t forget tipping the gentleman in the restroom who’s there to stop you from doing cocaine
> When you have had no physical contact with anyone on a but not limited to, intimate level or hell even like a genuine long hug.  No, sorry... you misunderstand my question.  I know what it is "supposed" to mean.  My question is why is it a problem or a "thing"?    Like, what do you or others imagine results from this?  Lots of people go days, months, weeks, even years without any kind of human contact other than incidental (shaking hands, etc.).  Are we saying that they all suffer as a consequence?  Are we saying that they are damaged in some way as a result?  Are we saying that a person couldn't experience an extended period of lack of human contact and still be just fine?  Hell, I've gone over a year and a half now with not even a shaking of hands and the last time I had "human" contact was a hug from my mother on her birthday.  Would I be labeled as "touch starved"?  Probably.  So, therefore, the question is what do you think is therefore "wrong" with me or how am I "damaged" as a result of a lack of that touch?
You must go to the nice clubs lol
Oh sorry my b, that’s my own mistake for quick glancing the comment.
Touch starvation is a real thing.  Babies die from it, though with them it’s called ‘failure to thrive’.  IF they aren’t held and touched and cuddled when they are young, they can die.  Adults can suffer from touch starvation as well; I’m not saying EVERYONE who doesn’t get touched suffers from it, but it is absolutely real for many people.
the nice ones let you do cocaine in the bathroom though
No worries my friend, no worries.
> Touch starvation is a real thing.  Ok.  What and where can we get some evidence of that?  >  Adults can suffer from touch starvation as well;  Two things.  First... and again, is there any evidence for this?  Second, "suffer" is too generic... what SPECIFICALLY results from an adult being "touch starved"?  > I’m not saying EVERYONE who doesn’t get touched suffers from it, but it is absolutely real for many people.  Ok.  How many?  What percentages?  Are there other traits that indicate predisposition for being adversely affected?  In case you haven't caught on... I'm looking for real concrete information on this, scientific if possible.  Not just people's "feelings" about what is "real" or assumptions that it must be "bad".
Okay, here is some evidence.  First, from Psychology today - https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/hide-and-seek/201706/touch-hunger  From Healthline - https://www.healthline.com/health/touch-starved  A report from the Texas Medical Center on how Covid-19 is making touch starvation a bigger problem - https://www.tmc.edu/news/2020/05/touch-starvation/  Another article from the Journal of Clinical Nursing, also about how Covid-19 is increasing touch starvation - https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/jocn.15488  I don’t understand why you’re so resistant to believing this is a real thing.  Just because you don’t suffer from it doesn’t mean that it doesn’t exist.  I happen to suffer greatly from it, and it seems that OP does as well.
Hmm... all of the items you linked refer to the positive benefits of having touch.  I do not (and have not) doubted that there are benefits.  What I am NOT seeing here is NEGATIVE outcomes from a lack of touch.  Sure, touch can reduce stress.  But so do LOTS of things.  Meditation for instance.  But people don't go around claiming that lack of meditation means someone is going to suffer health or psychological problems.
You’re obviously determined to not believe in it no matter what evidence is presented, and I have better things to do than argue fruitlessly with a stranger on the internet. Believe what you want.
> You’re obviously determined to not believe in it no matter what evidence is presented,  No... I made a SPECIFIC objection to the data.  Do you feel I mischaracterized the data?  I read them.  They all talked about how having access to touch can be beneficial, but I saw nothing that indicated specific negatives of being without it (other than the obvious of not having those benefits).  It's like there are benefits to eating more fruits and vegetables, but you are automatically going to get cancer if you decide to eat meat.  Or... maybe you just didn't read them closely enough to know they aren't making the point you think they are making?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmlngv/i_have_learnt_this_in_hard_way/
You cant replace the real love with something else ,  it is only end up making you more depressed and frustrated .  You cant replace love with anime pillows , waifus and porn addiction . Doing something over and over again not gonna work . Real love is something unique and worth to fighting for .  But the real challenge is thinking outside of the box and becoming a new person . This take a lot of work but i try ıt with easy steps . It is like matrix movie , taking the blue pill .  To be honest ı dont have any idea why i wrote this but if i help someone ıam happy  Sometimes you have to improve yourself so much  that you should be the game and not to be in a game . You should somehow take control of your life as much as you can . I know maybe i suck at writing but i tried to explain ıt as much as i can .
The problem begins when anything you do to try improve yourself or/and solve issues with yourself, aren't giving any results or make some things worse
You are right but i dont have anyone in real life or someone to help me. Even my parents hate me .
This is what I meant in general, maybe I didn't describe my opinion correctly. Let's say that you have enough courage to do it by only yourself, which isn't easy (how to be social when you're not social, right?), Especially when you're adult and for some reason everyone have someone or already have children. I know, this is complaining and whining like little girl, but - I think we - have a reason to complain when... Umm... our basic human needs aren't fullfied.
Maybe i should stop thinking about loneliness
This topic really started to give me headache
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmi2x7/dawned_on_me_that_ill_be_a_wizard_soon/
I’ll be 24 soon and I have never been with a woman. I honestly don’t really mind that much but it is a bit sad and I don’t think it will get better anytime soon.
You'll start minding more and more as time goes on. Don't fall into the trap of thinking that if you just "accept" that you're FA, then you'll get some sort of peace or contentment. You'll just hate yourself more and more for not fighting harder to change things earlier.
My empathy for you, when you’ve reached the age you’ll be welcomed in the wizard community lol. Been a wizard for a while, 42 now and looking back I wish I could go to your age again and do a few things differently, maybe end up somewhere else in life but who knows.   But alas hang in there brother, take it one day at a time and try and find distractions like becoming a workaholic or pick up a hobby to consume your free time. I’ve found just sitting at the computer or watching tv alone and my mind wanders. Stay strong man!
If you didn't really try you will regret it later
[deleted]
Condolences.
This. I tried for years to kill the last bit of desire for affection, but it only grows, no matter how hard you beat it down. It might disappear for a while, but then it builds up and comes back 10x worse.
This is what I absolutely dread
Wizard, the wizard, or wizards may refer to:  Wizard (paranormal), a practitioner of magic   == Arts, entertainment and media ==   === Fictional characters === Wizard (Archie Comics), a comic book superhero Wizard (character class), magic-wielding character types in many role-playing games Wizard (DC Comics), a comic book villain Wizard (Dungeons & Dragons), the Dungeons & Dragons character class Wizard (fantasy), a fictional character practitioner of magic Wizard (Marvel Comics), a comic book villain Wizard (Middle-earth), powerful beings in the writings of J. R. R. Tolkien "The Wizard", the villain of the serial Batman and Robin "The Wizard", the nickname of Mario Garcez Brito, Brazil's corrupt Minister of Justice and a member of the "Club 13" cartel, in O Mecanismo Wizard of Oz (character), in L. Frank Baum's novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and its movie adaptations Wizards (Discworld), major characters in Terry Pratchett's Discworld series   === Film === The Wizard (1927 film), a 1927 American silent horror film The Wizard (1989 film), a 1989 American film about a skilled video gamer Wizards (film), a 1977 animated post-apocalyptic fantasy/science fiction film by Ralph Bakshi   === Gaming === Wizard (1983 video game), a 1983 Commodore 64 game that was later re-released in 1986 as Ultimate Wizard Wizard (2005 video game), a game designed by Chris Crawford for the Atari 2600 and released in 2005 Wizard (board game), a 1978 board game released by Metagaming Wizard (card game), a trick-taking card gameWizard (MUD), a developer or administrator in a MUD Wizards (board game), a board game produced in 1982 by Avalon Hill Wizards of the Coast or Wizards, a Seattle-based games publisher   === Literature === Wizard (novel), a 1980 science fiction novel by John Varley The Wizard (novel), an 1896 Adventure novel by Henry Rider Haggard The Wizard, a novel by Gene Wolfe in the series The Wizard Knight Wizards (anthology), an anthology of fantasy short fiction edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois   === Music ===   ==== Groups ==== Wizard (American band), a short-lived American psychedelic/hard rock band Wizard (band), a German power metal/speed metal band WZRD (band), alternative rock duo formerly known as Wizard   ==== Albums ==== Wizard (EP), an EP by Beto Vázquez Infinity The Wizard (album), the second album by American blues guitarist Mel Brown WZRD (album), the eponymous debut album by American alternative rock duo WZRD The Wizrd, the seventh studio album by American rapper Future   ==== Songs ==== "The Wizard" (Black Sabbath song), 1970 "The Wizard" (Paul Hardcastle song), 1986 "The Wizard" (Uriah Heep song), 1972 "Wizard" (Martin Garrix and Jay Hardway song), 2013 "The Wizard", a song by Bat for Lashes from Fur and Gold "The Wizard", a song by Albert Ayler from Spiritual Unity "The Wizard", a single by Marc Bolan "The Wizard", a song by Paul Espinoza of Golden Bough "The Wizard", a song by Al Di Meola from Land of the Midnight Sun   ==== Other uses in music ==== Wizard, an Australian record label created by Robie Porter Wizard rock, a genre of rock music that developed between 2002 and 2004 Wizard by Pearson, a global language schools network founded by Carlos Wizard Martins   === Television === "Wizard" (Adventure Time episode) The Wizard (TV series), a short-lived 1980s CBS television series "The Wizard" (Seinfeld), the 171st episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld "The Wizard", an episode of She-Ra: Princess of Power Wizards: Tales of Arcadia, a 2020 TV series   === Other uses in arts, entertainment and media === Wizard (magazine), a magazine about comic books The Wizard (DC Thomson), a British comic that featured Wilson of the Wizard and was merged to Rover   == People == The Wizard (nickname), shared by several notable people Wizard of New Zealand, an educator, comedian and politician   == Science and technology == HTC Wizard, a QWERTY-keyboard pocket PC Sharp Wizard, a personal organizer released in 1988 Wizard (software), a computer user interface that leads a user through dialog steps Wizard butterfly, the brush-footed or Bardic wizard butterfly Rhinopalpa polynice Wizard Nebula, an open cluster located in Cepheus constellation   == Sports == Wizard (horse) (1806–1813), Thoroughbred racehorse Canterbury cricket team, known as the Wizards Dakota Wizards, a team in the NBA Development League Fort Wayne Wizards, a team in the Midwest League of professional baseball Kansas City Wizards, the former name of Sporting Kansas City, a Major League Soccer team Washington Wizards, a National Basketball Association (NBA) team   == Transport == Wizard, a GWR Iron Duke Class steam locomotive FV Wizard, a crab fishing boat in the TV show Deadliest Catch Hillman Wizard, an American six-cylinder car HMS Wizard, a list of ships bearing the name Isuzu Wizard, a Japanese mid-size SUV Laron Wizard, an American homebuilt aircraft design   == Other uses == Comp wizard, also known as a Comp hustler, is a gambler who maximizes complementary perqs from casinos Grand Wizard or Imperial Wizard, a leader of the Ku Klux Klan Wizard Video, a defunct home video company   == See also == The Wizzard, Dominican calypso singer Wizzard, a 1970s British glam rock band The Wizrd, an album by Future Wiz (disambiguation) Wizard Cup (disambiguation) WZRD (disambiguation) All pages with titles beginning with Wizard All pages with titles containing Wizard  More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wizard     *This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*  *Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*  *If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmkt0f/in_a_shit_mood_how_do_i_distract_myself_from_the/
Got my daily reminder that I have no friends and im hated by everyone, now I feel like shit. What are some good methods to cheer me up so that I don't feel like I'm alone?
You were downvoted because you're 14.   Truth? Find things to entertain yourself.  Try to find different friends, even just to talk to.   If you're hated - I guess you could assess if there's a reason (e.g. if you mistreat people) but I'm gonna guess you mean...people don't give a shit.  If I get to a place through surgery and my health where I like where I look, earn well, have some friends, and am no longer ashamed of myself all the time, I might be ok.   I read movie reviews, try to build up skills (e.g. coding - you're young, it'll help you), surf twitter to pass time.
There’s a handout or a list those floating around the Internet of like 1000 different things to do   https://duckduckgo.com/?q=1000%20thinfs%20to%20do%20list&ia=web  and you just pick one of them from the list whenever you feel stuck work at a blank page.   also like to have art supplies are on hand for doing watercolor painting and child safe proof art supplies and paper you can paint just art therapy brush strokes or paint a poem or learn calligraphy apps.   you can just put a piece of paper up with some masking tape and are just paint anywhere any wall  WU Feve
1. I try to find friends but they instead mock me because I'm autistic and ugly 2. My old friends left me and started hating me because they started a rumor that I was an attention w***e (I am NOT) 3. whenever I try to surf twitter I end up stumbling across someone talking about their bf/gf/friend in general and it makes me feel worse because I'll never have those things P.S. you're downvoting me all because of my AGE?
Not me and I don't support it, they're skimming the post.   Sounds like your former friends are real assholes.   I'm sorry, Op
we used to have good times together, and then out of the blue they started to hate me, and now everyone hates me, and now nobody wants to be my friend :(
Ever asked them about it?  If not - middle school and junior high...people become sadistic  I'm sorry OP, I hope things get easier.  You're still very young. This isn't the last stop or chance you'll get to make friends.
I tried but they wouldnt listen, they just keep mocking me
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/klyzel/i_dont_want_to_have_sex_without_mutual_desire/
Saying "get a hooker" to lose virginity won't cut it. What's the point? I want more than just the act of sex. I want to share mutual attraction, love and infatuation with someone. Even if it was a short fling or an FWB, I want to have sex with someone who wants to have sex with me. Ultimately, I want to live my life with someone who wants to live theirs with me; to have a relationship just like everyone else. If it is the normal thing to have in life, then why have I got to observe everyone else pass me by getting into relationships and have sex lives whilst I am only allowed to yearn for it. Why have I got to do everything (self-help, therapy, working out etc.) that every other average guy doesn't have to do?
[deleted]
Agreed but I have no interest in flings or anything like that.
And you have found the reason I have never had sex.  47m.
Mutual desire is the most important thing. I want someone who wants me. Likewise, I don't want to settle for someone I don't want. It works both ways. This is what non-FA people can never understand. We have to change our whole personalities, our looks, our entire DNA just to be a contender in this world. The odds are stacked high against us, and I don't know about you, but I've had just about enough of it.
I’m the same. There’s no substitute out there for mutual attraction, only the real thing. All I want is to be in a loving relationship with someone who genuinely desires to be with me. Apparently that’s too much to ask for, but it’s my greatest wish.
[deleted]
Funny thing to say for a guy who's tag reads "25 | Dream Job = Amateur Porn"  but anyways....      Getting a hooker isn't for you to spend your life having empty sex or even for the momentary satisfaction.  What it does is gets you some much needed experience in the bedroom so you can be more confident around "regular" women.  It's a mere tool to help break your behavioral and psychological barriers that hold you back.  It also artificially destroys your desperate clinginess that causes women to run away since if things don't work out you have someone to go fuck.  It took a dozen or so visits until I became comfortable having sex, I couldn't even cum the first several visits since it was so unfamiliar and I'd gotten so used to the ol' hand. Helped me out TBH and now I have a lovely and loving girlfriend of 2 years.  Heck I don't even experience fear at the idea of dumping her and going single again when things aren't going well.  Before this I was FA for 35 years with thoughts of suicide.
Same. I could conceivably hire an escort, but that wouldn't cut it entirely. Basides, it would make me feel like an immoral, depraved kind of person.
You gotta be realistic..what are the chances of that happening ?? Exactly
So the dream job being amateur porn thing is satire then? Cuz that's an odd pairing next to this title
Not everyone is average. It sucks, a whole lot, but some of us are just way below average. We could of course not do all the vigorous and never ending self improvement effort stuff, it could very well be more miserable to make all the effort needed, but if we choose not to, that's kind of on us
I hear you but life just ain't fair. Some of us are meant to be alone.
Sorry to hear it, but importantly all average guys and nerdy guys have it the same.   It's just a thought that maybe other average guys have better chances than me.  Reality is, it's all the same story for everyone except for those guys who call themselves *"hot"*.  The Covid has made life more miserable and depressing, but the question now is, will average guys like us become below-average because of the whole Lockdown depressing life we go through now!?  I wonder about it.
You're right. I tried to get an escort - didn't work out.
How do you know the non-hooker wants you sexually if you have sex? What if they had another motive? How would you know?   A hooker or erotic masseuse wants to have sex with you for money. At least they’re honest. The part after “have sex with you” shouldn’t matter however.   And how do you know you want to lose your virginity with someone who wants you just for you? Perhaps sex isn’t all you make it out to be. Perhaps spending $  for sex would be a low short term investment in protecting your mental health long term. Perhaps it might unlock something In you that attracts females naturally. Think about it, after you’re done being emotional of course.
How old are you? For me the less i cared about wanting a relationship and looking for people approval the more dragged me to them. Don't think about it like that. Think like instead their not fit you and that you are too high valuable for them.
IMO you can't really compare sex and relationships in regard to mutuality. For short-term activities people will delude themselves and others about their reasons and agendas but it doesn't matter.   Take the short fling as example, would it matter that much to you that she wanted to have sex with you if she doesn't want any contact after a few nights?
I can relate.     Relationships can be fleeting. Predicting that someone will have the same or similar want, needs, aspirations, etc for the foreseeable future is not something that can be done in a moment. We meet and part and in this way we learn what we value in relationships and how to identify those things in others without bias or the fear of scarcity(of love, connection) getting in the way of what we see.     Thank you for sharing u/ProfessorAutodidact.
Keep crying ! I hope you realize you are putting too much value into them   If you treat her like a star she will treat you like a fan.
> Most people don't have to run the self improvement treadmill just to be able to experience one of the most common human experiences.  That's why I turned my back on it. From 17-24 I followed this self-improvement lifestyle. Insanity is doing the same thing over again and expecting different results.
If you have to "self improve" then you already know it's over
I'm tired of being gaslighted into thinking the problem is my boring life, not the fact that I'm unattractive.  The most romantically successful guys I know are also the most boring individuals I know. That self-improvement advice is bullshit. Normal people don't think about NoFap, volunteering, learning a new language etc to get a girlfriend. They just get girlfriends.
Are you “most people”
Thats not what self improvement is about.
Dude I agree but at the same time you gotta do what you gotta do it’s just discipline eventually you can adapt to those changes it’s just incredibly difficult
DuDe UsE SeLfImProVeMeNt It'S SuPeReFfEcTivE, StArT WiTh gEtTinG A bIgGer ShOwEr HeAD
Do you realize what you're saying when you said "apparently that's too much to ask for"? Society isn't gonna order a random woman with the task of being your romantic partner. The collective doesn't even matter, just a single individual.
Technically true but not very helpful to the OP
Like what? This is kind of saying something without saying anything
Thanks
Why? Sex work is real work and there is nothing wrong with utilising those services in a safe and legal manner.
Of course it's satire. I didn't think I'd need to point that out. And, you can still do amateur porn with a long-term partner, btw. Pornhub *had* a lot of couple porn.
We aren't all the same. We all don't look at this world through the same lens.
It's a good advice. We're all starved, but no relationship at all is way better than toxic manipulative relationship where you still feel pretty much alone and fear it will break apart.
I think you're missing the point. Mutual desire is about finding each other attractive. It's about being able to attract someone who *wants* you. Even if it's a one-night stand, it still counts as mutual desire for that moment. He's comparing that to the thought of shelling out cold hard cash for an hour with a woman who wants nothing to do with him except part him from his money.
but you shouldn't be improving yourself to just get a girl. do it for yourself mate. do it to achieve something. this might not be helpful, but it changes the fact that this isn't insanity that you are doing.
Thats not the point of self improvement. Its not a coin you stick in the girlfriend gacha machine.
[removed]
Because it's dehumanizing and exploitative.
Sometimes experiences change your outlook.
This validation thing seems strange to me. She has sex with you and if it's a one night stand you know basically nothing about her motives.  Maybe it's not so much desire from her part but also only a need for validation. A rebound, no longer standing out in the group of friends, etc.  Maybe she is just bored and doesn't assign much importance to sex.  Maybe she just uses you as a means to an end.  How would you know if its just a ONS and would you really care?  Why is the ability to do on your own more important than the experience itself? If you really want to experience skydiving would a  tandem jump completely invalidate the experience?
Couldn't have said it better myself. Thank you.
> do it for yourself mate.  I did. I am at a point where I feel I don't need self-improvement anymore. I need to be practical in what I want in life. Not just to "improve" for the sake of it.
[deleted]
So it shouldn't be offered as dating advice. It feels like a losing game for FAs. If you better yourself, you were doing it for the wrong reasons. If you do not, you have it coming because you didn't put any effort into bettering yourself.  If the majority of average people can find a partner, it is disingenuous to tell people to cross off a laundry list of items before they can find anyone. We should be telling them that they're good enough as they are and the only activities they should engage in are ones they enjoy or benefit their lives one way or another.
[deleted]
I wonder if people are upvoting her because they happen to agree with her points. You say she doesn't belong on this subreddit as if someone died and made you king. Relax, gatekeeping never solved anything.
I mean, not always and certainly not if you source your sex worker ethically? Don't get me wrong I 100% support your right to choose what experiences are for you ; I just think that if you really want to have sex with a sex worker then you should be able to do that, and should they want to have sex for money then they should be able to do that too. As long as you're both legal adults with informed consent there is nothing inherently wrong with the transaction taking place.
well "practical" alright. Sports are practical, because they will help you avoid pain later in life, also might extend your lifetime (same as healthy diet). You will also look more appealing, and improve your confidence. Art is also practical. Helps your mind a bit and improves your creativity. Might even make extra money, who knows. Creativity can help in social situations too. How are these things not practical? This isn't improving for the sake of it, you just aren't seeing the benefits of these things.
And this is why I want to die. I’m so fucking tired of trying and trying and trying and having absolutely nothing to show for it, so fucking tired of not mattering to anyone. And then people like you have the fucking nerve to tell me that I didn’t try hard enough so I deserve to be miserable and alone.
No. I haven't given up on trying to find a girlfriend. I am still active in online dating and when this COVID chills out, I will be putting myself in places where I can meet women. What I have done is given up on things that didn't accrue any tangible results from my efforts i.e. 'self-improvement'. And many people in this sub feel the same way.
Do you think good looking men put any work in? even an average guy has to put zero work it and they can still get atleast something. When will people accept it's all about looks. If you are below average there's nothing that can be done outside surgery.
Then there should be no advice ever given or taken by or from anyone ever in any circumstance. If your requirement is "do this and get girl" then you should sit at home and do nothing because there isn't a thing you or anyone can do to make that a certainty. You can do things that improve your chances. Basically you can make the likelihood of rolling a winning number higher and you can roll more times. But you can always fail the roll despite doing everything right. Self improvement makes you healthy, generally improves your looks, improves most people's mental stability and emotional status and shows that you give a fuck about yourself. All of these things make You're odds better. But they don't help you have more opportunities necessarily and nothing you can do works on its own. Nothiny does.. You don't take a hammer to every problem. Sometimes you need a wrench.
It’s definitely a variation of “you need to shower more” if not in as many words.
[removed]
It's precisely the fact that the act itself it reduced to a mere economic transaction that feels so wrong to me.
Bro....  * I've played basketball since 2009. I been skating since 2019. I've been a regular walker since forever. I will be starting BJJ when COVID fucks off. * I have been creating music since 2010 (production, engineering, recording, perfoming). Because of this, I've learned graphic design, logo design, image manipulation, web development etc. This brings in a tiny bit of cash. I release a new album every year. * I am a hobby photographer and image post-processing editor. I like taking photos of things and my outfits in different settings. This gives me a lot of website views and thus tiny adsense income. * Additionally, I read, have lead groups in education, am well-versed in IT, have a very good dress sense, meditated everyday, done CBT for anxiety/panic, have practise home Yoga, have worked out, play guitar etc.  No one gives a shit about the above. I have more hobbies and interests than the average normal person I have ever encountered. Most people who have social and sex lives just watch Netflix and work. Yes, it gives me dopamine hits and makes me confident in myself. But, when I say practical, I am referring to actually doing something that directly gets me a girlfriend or at least puts me in the spot to engage with them on a regular basis.
This is why I threw in the towel with prescribed self-improvement. It never got me anywhere, it actually made me feel worse about myself. No woman gave a shit about the fact that I worked out, wrote and read a lot, hiked, supported animal rights, etc, and I got sick of being told that I wasn't good enough and had to be far better than the average person.  Want to know something interesting? My mood improved when I stopped engaging in self-improvement and just did what I wanted. Worked out because it was fun, played more video games, stopped worrying about moving my life forward, etc. I go at my own pace now and it is better.
[deleted]
Nowhere did I say that you should sit on your hands and do nothing. I'm just saying that perhaps radical self-improvement isn't the answer if relationships are achievable for the majority of people. I know people who are rail thin who have double digits worth of partners, people who have hygiene problems who find women to go out with them, and people who care not for self-improvement found online who date with relative ease. Why are they good enough but FA people are not? Logic to me dictates that FA people are and should concern themselves less with mindless self-improvement and instead with doing what makes them happy.  Yes, you can roll the dice with better odds, but you can find examples over this forum of people who increased their odds and still got nowhere. Yet you can find people who didn't put nearly as much effort into increasing their odds who found dating success. It doesn't mean we shouldn't throw our hands up in the air and give up, but instead take the advice with a pinch of salt and realise that there are other factors at hand. Mindless self-improvement is treating the wrong disease.  My main complaint is this idea of not being good enough. I'm sick of gatekeeping of this kind.
Women want one main thing from a man: good social skills. You can be Bill Gates. If you don't have those, it's game over before it begins.
> No one gives a shit about the above. I have more hobbies and interests than the average normal person I have ever encountered.   Then you already know that your hobbies are more interesting than the average person.  How are you personaly? How do you speak? Are you a dry conversationalist, or maybe a cynical prick like me? Or just too introverted and don't like mingling with people?  I ask because hobbies is clearly not your problem here, so I wonder if there's something else somewhere.
well fuck me sideways mate. what an interesting life. there is no fucking way you get 0 attention from girls. I saw you are doing online dating, but remember that online dating is mostly just one night stands, which is mostly looks. You should definitely try just networking at this point and getting as much friends as you can. The bigger the network, the greater the chances of you finding a girl mate. Try opening up about what stuff you do to your friends too. I'm fairly young so i don't really know what else is there to say, apart that i am in similar situation, except i started doing this "self-improvement" thingy about 2-3 years ago. don't even have friends tbh, but i mostly try to look at the brighter side, even if it's not so bright.
Hobbies and interests only help you insofar as they give you opportunities to meet with new people and connect over shared interests. You're unlikely to be compatible with the sort of people who only want to work and watch Netflix, which is okay. Once the pandemic is over and things return to normality, you may have the chance to socialise with people who share your interests.
100% fucking same. I could've wrote that word for word. Giving up on trying to be an "awesome person" has been the best mental health boost for me, it's a huge relief.   Maybe doing things that I actually directly enjoy doing will lead to meeting people similar to me. I.e. volunteering at an animal shelter, making art or music, going to a geeky convention. Or maybe people will act like I'm trash like they always have and I'll go back to ignoring them. Maybe in the past, the problem was that I didn't really do much (because my goal was to be attractive to other people, so I limited myself to certain habits, but didn't do them much because I didn't really enjoy them) so I didn't really have anything to talk about, and people couldn't relate.   One things for sure- not trying to reach some goal makes me feel much better and be more active.
Mmhh the interesting thing is i did what i wanted the last 20+ years, so now i try to do more working out, finally learning an instrument and Going to therapy.
yeah bro just do surgery... not like it costs 10s of thousands of dollars and 99% of people won't be able to afford it until later in life
I actually don't disagree with you. I disagree with the person I've spoken to above who is actively full of shit. I've spoken with him before. I actually thought I was talking to him again in my last response which is my bad. I don't really have anything to add here. Self improvement can't be at a detriment because then you're not improving. You're following bad advice or damaging yourself in a false hope either given from bad advice or a misunderstanding of the advice. You should always take things with a grain of salt and understand that its not the end all. I think you and I are give or take at eye level on this
Honestly I am so glad you agree.  Self-improvement culture has its mind in the right place, but people rarely talk about how focusing on being a better person can backfire and result in people feeling worse about themselves. And the question is, what does being a better person even mean? A better person for what? Society? Other people? Unless you're an asshole or harm others, you shouldn't worry about being better for others and instead pursue what makes you happy. Improving yourself for dating prospects misplaces your self-worth and happiness in the wrong places.  Self-improvement should be about feeling better for you and being more authentic. It doesn't mean living an ascetic lifestyle and swearing yourself to ticking off a laundry list of items prescribed to you by a self-help book.
Maybe that will work for you. There is no universal approach to success in life. If you find happiness there then more power to you.  All I'm saying is that I've tried the standard path of self-improvement and I feel worse off mentally. I dialled back on it and focused on doing what made me happy instead of being good enough for others and I found more happiness.
No worries with mixing me up with someone else, haha.  IMO self improvement is not inherently bad, but mindless pursuit of improvement and doing it to feel worthy enough for others is a dangerous one. There is a right and wrong way to better yourself. If your problem is social, you should try some social activities you think you'll enjoy. The solution isn't to do things like learning languages and dressing yourself in popular clothing that is fashionable but you fail to identify with.  But you are correct, I think we are eye level on this with minor disagreements here and there. Does not hurt to roll the dice with activities but also to realise that you do not have to be highly improved to be worthy of another's love. I think the problem is that the advice is taken too literally and there is a gross misunderstanding of what self betterment should be: it should be about authenticity and excelling at the things you love instead of crossing off a laundry list.  But now I am waffling and should stop.
Yeah but funny how you are on the different path.
I don't follow. What different path?
Oh sorry. Like you did self improvent first and now focus in what you wantvti do, while i did what i wanted and now focus in self improvent.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmd3b6/she_39f_gave_me_26m_her_number_but_now_she_seems/
So there's a restaurant where I'm a regular and while they were opened up again for in-person dining there was a manager who would go out of her way to chat with me and after having a lot of back and forth lots of similar interests like the mandalorian ecy(and myself being hesitant to ask her out because she was at work). They went back to take out only (Governor closed in person dining) And one night we had a particularly long conversation and she gave me her number. We texted a bit and then she gave me a call and we talked for 4 hours and then an hour and a half the next day. Got to know a fair amount about one another and planned to go for a walk at a nearby park (not much else to do right now because of shutdowns, she seemed open to the idea).  Last I heard from her was on the 23rd of December at first I believed I was assuming the worst and figured that perhaps due to her age she was more of a phone call than text person.I knew she was going to be spending the holidays with her family so I figured I'd give her some time and not bug her since we haven't really made that strong of a connection other than talking a few times. Sent her a Merry Christmas text as I do for almost everyone I know and tried giving a call on the 27th but didn't get an answer and haven't heard a peep.  I'm just uncertain how to proceed at this point, I've been out of the dating game for a long time because I spent the last 4 years taking care of my grandmother and she passed away this last summer and I only just recently got her estate settled so it's been a rough year with that on top of all this covid insanity.  I'm not sure if perhaps she was weirded out by our age difference or perhaps my career direction. I'm somewhat of an investor but I'm not officially employed (not broke either) I got a decent inheritance from my grandmother so I have a fear of gold diggers (not that I get that five from her)   tl;dr she (39F) gave me (26M) her number (without me asking for it) But now she's ghosting me
If you’ve already texted without a response I wouldn’t text again. Just because she’s almost 40 doesn’t mean that she doesn’t know what texting is. If you texted her I’m positive she’s seen it.   I would just wait. Either she will make time or she won’t and that’s basically the end game here.
Wait. If you are important for her she will be the one reaching out after your attempts.
Was there any talk of romance or flirting? Cause so far, it sounds more like two friends talking than anything else. I understand covid makes it hard and a walk is the next best thing but based on the info, it seems uncertain.   Also, it is very much likely that she is busy. The rest is up to her, no need to send another text. If she's available, she will text. If not, then its time to move on
Christmas is busy and can be difficult for many people. Try again with text, let her know you look forward to hearing from her whenever she is ready.
Since no one else has already said it: Nice work champ. You've done a great job so far and this could be the potential to be something.  Its still that time of the year where people aren't always emotionally available and ready to text back at the drop of a hat. I'd wait.   Is she hot? Have you been flirting?
It's the holidays, give her time and don't be so desperate.
That's kind of what I figured especially since I called two days after that text. I figure if she wants to make the time great if not then I'll move on. I would hope that she would be mature enough not to be playing stupid games like wanting me to fight for her. There was another time where a couple days went by without her texting me because she was in pain. she is recovering from a ruptured disc and sometimes when she does physical therapy / gets a massage it can wipe her out. So I'm thinking maybe it's holiday is in combination with something like that.
I appreciate that! I've been getting mixed advice some saying maybe shoot her a text today or tomorrow others have said wait it out. I agree with you, she gave me her number so she's interested then she'll probably reach out
I wouldn't say so much romance but there was certainly flirting on her part and it was lightly returned on my part. I was nervous about coming on too strong because I can be fairly affectionate. Before the restaurant closed down I did give her some candied pecans that I make every year I had mentioned it to her a while ago and she seemed enthusiastic about them and was happy when I gave them to her. She also made kind of a flirty joke "I'm taking you to bed with me" when she was moving to lay down in her bed while we were talking. I planned to increase the flirting as time went by but perhaps I didn't reciprocate enough and blew up the situation :(  I'm fairly certain that's what it is plus she is recovering from a ruptured disc earlier in the year and sometimes when she does physical therapy or gets a massage it wipes her out.  So I'm thinking perhaps at the holiday in combination with that perhaps she's just taking it easy. I'm hoping she gets back to me I really like her
That is very true which is why I waited a couple days past Christmas to try giving her a call and not to come off as desperate. She is still in the process of recovering from a ruptured disc in her spine that caused a loss of feeling. She's gotten most of it back and one day I didn't hear from her because she was hurting and just resting. I'm more just putting this out there to get advice.  Plus I'm up in my head anyway It was kind of a rough Christmas, my first one solo (normally I'd go down and see some family in California as I'm not welcome at my mom and step dad's)
Thank you I appreciate that!some people on here have been calling me desperate which I don't see how a Merry Christmas text and a phone call a few days later is desperate especially when she had said that she would call me.  That's a very good point and that's part of my problem It was kind of a rough Christmas this year (My first one alone) So I just kind of was stuck in my head / with my thoughts. I was amazed that she was interested in the first place, I wanted to ask her out but I'm hesitant to ask a girl out at work you know?  I'd say she's a hair under hot and more cute. She's a little heavier but not so much that it detracts from how attractive she is Although I wouldn't complain if she lost maybe 15 or 20 lbs, but then again I've gained weight during this pandemic and could afford to lose the same. she's also recovering from a ruptured discs I think that's caused part of the weight gain this last year. At the very least she's not a vegetarian like one of the other girls I was interested in.  That's the really ironic part she told me that she wasn't going to tell the other employees down at the restaurant that she gave me her number because apparently according to her quote "All of the girls down there like you ALLOT"  I've been flirting a bit bit didn't want to come off too strong either
I'm just sharing the situation that I'm in and looking for advice. I'm specifically trying to come off as not desperate hence why I've kept contacted a bare minimum and I'm not blowing up her phone.
If you have made attempts the balls in her court. I am speaking from very recent experience when i say she'll hit you up if she wants to. At least thats the safe play.   I pushed and pushed and here i am. Should've settled for when she was ready . or maybe not. Maybe I am *worth* more.
Well said! Good luck in your future endeavors as well. Complicated enough to date people right now let alone factoring in women who play their little games
You ain't wrong. That is why I am conflicted.  People are not direct in their intentions.  Personally, the experience just made me appreciate how far I have come, but also shows me I still have a very long way to go.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmccuw/20_made_a_song_for_anyone_here_feeling_sad_or/
(New version from previous post) It's an unlisted link  you can also watch it here [https://www.instagram.com/tv/CJQDXTfAYDi/?igshid=2tlrj10ox9e9](https://www.instagram.com/tv/CJQDXTfAYDi/?igshid=2tlrj10ox9e9)  (Like the post please 😂😂 jkjk)  Didn't really try to make it perfect but Ig it's a decent leftover recording.  I'm probably gonna take down this vid soon tho  Pm /chat if you want to talk
Awww, that's so sweet of u to do that!
Like it a lot! Keep it up
Haha lmk what you think of it
I heard it, that was actually really greatttttg
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmbi0p/fa_solidarity_taken_too_far/
I occasionally come across people who I find like me, not too FA but detached and shunned in their own manner. It feels good to have that someone who knows exactly what it feels like, like two weary and lonely travelers crossing the cold mountains together, having each other's backs. And then when I start to feel even a tiny bit better I feel like I'm betraying that person. It's so stupid, I know they are not a child and don't need me looking out for them all the time.   Maybe somewhere I believe my good time won't last and when I need them, they won't be there. Anyone experience something similar?
I understand what you mean: being in a bad situation grows bonds with others in the same boat, but when you improve you lose those bonds and feel like you're insulting them. I haven't had any progress with FA, but I used to be very disabled and now I can basically "pass for normal".  I look back on disabled people who still struggle with their conditions, and I kind of feel like my mere existence is insulting them. Their parents tried and failed. Their doctors tried and failed. Maybe they tried and failed. Yet I'm the one person who ascended the stairway to greatness; a decade ago I was completely incapable of tying my shoes, and now I'm on my way to becoming a lawyer. I feel guilty that I had to leave my old friends behind, leaving them to suffer. While they're still attending therapy, I'm attending study sessions. It's just a brutal truth that not everyone can make it, though we wish everyone did.  Even worse, it's not like I can use my experiences to help other people or show them how to succeed. There's no secret or magic bullet. It really just boils down to "My treatment just worked while it didn't for others."  Sometimes I get back in contact with members of my old "community", but it's always awkward because my accomplishments are orders of magnitude above theirs. I can't exactly look at a grown man who's still in adult diapers (even if we were best friends as kids) and then feel comfortable talking about my own life's problems. I don't look down on them (I mean "grown man in diaper" as a brutal statement of fact about their quality of life, not an insult), but at the same time it's pretty much impossible for me to share things about my life without feeling like a CEO complaining to a homeless person. I'm happy for their small accomplishments as much as my own small accomplishments when I used to be worse off (i.e. all the little things of life I had to be taught over years that most people just intuitively get), but I feel guilty about having done so much more. We used to have problems in common, but now that my (disability-related) problems are *mostly* solved, I struggle to keep those bonds. It's like:  Me: "Oh hey how are you doing?"  Mom of Childhood Friend: "Great. My 30yo son just got toilet-trained. No more diapers! How are you?"  Me: "Oh well uh...I'm doing fine I guess. Graduate school is pretty hard, and...uh...yeah..."
I think about that sometimes and it's one of the reasons I don't DM or want to become friends with people here. Friends and acquaintances should have things in common but I feel like it should be positive things like hobbies, careers, favorite sports, etc. Having FA in common is just a depressing basis for a friendship or conversation especially if one person manages to escape.
100% agree
I agree. Best one can do is to be there as a support. But bonding over suffering seems to be a fucked up thing to do.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/klxqjq/i_had_a_dream_last_night/
I saw a girl , her face was blurry but i could feel that she really loves me and care about me . She even told me her real name and held my hand . Her voice tone was pretty calming and relaxing . I thought ıt might be real   But ıt was just a fucking dream and not fucking real ...  Someone end my loser ass please
I have had those type of dreams too. Sometimes I wish I could go back to sleep just to experience that dream again.
Hell, I have had dreams in the past where I'm out in public and a woman comes up to me and starts flirting with me. She ends up leaning in to kiss me and that's about where I wake up because my brain can't process the idea even in a dream.
Dreams are the biggest tease. I can recall a handful of very beautiful and serene ones I’ve had over the years, but they almost haunt me with how much wish fulfillment they gave and then took away.
Last great dream I had I was staring into this girls eyes  and weirdly enough when I woke up I felt slow because that happened in real life I never made a move and life is no game or dream.
I had a dream I was holding a girl's hand. Then I woke up. Never even got to see her face, but I remember curly dark hair poking out from a hoodie, and a feeling of happiness that I won't forget for a while.
I have those dreams often. Best part of my day, dreams are what I look forward to the most.Always dreamt of rekindling a relationship with a childhood friend I long moved away from and who long forgotten me. But my dreams still last.
I get dreams like this that seem hyper realistic to the point that it is indistinguishable from real life.  I can never tell how the relationship started, how we met, what keeps the relationship interesting and I always end up waking up right before sex or right as it begins.       Most of these dreams go like this   fun loving activities, walks through the forest on a mid summer evening   settling down in to bed and the clothes come off and I think to myself this is it I'm finally not going to be a virgin.  AAAANNNNND WAKE'S UP.
maybe it's a psychic thing.... seriously i've had dreams that have come to fruition. open yourself up to the idea of being vulnerable and allowing things to flow instead of being an asshole to yourself. stop being an asshole to yourself! if u need someone to talk to im here.
I don't even have dreams like this ... just nothing
I did the same dream so many times I can't even count them
My dreams get cruel, dude. One time I had a dream that felt ridiculously real. I met a girl, not super attractive or anything, and we agreed to go on a date. She was super cool and I remember being super excited.  Then I woke up.  I mean, my brain doesn't even manifest a dream where I hookup with some 10/10 supermodel or something. It knows to dumb it down.
I had a very similar dream man. I think I was 14 years old. It was kinda dark and I was laying down next to a woman and we were looking at each other, and we were very close. Loving on each other, showing affection. I couldn't believe how much I loved it and it wasn't sexual at all. That was when I truly understood what love is. We just loved each other. I woke up with such an incredible feeling I was so excited and I couldnt explain it and I couldn't understand it. Love... I'm 21 now and I never found it. I try to stay hopeful because of how many times I've experienced deja vu. Maybe someday. Maybe I will have something even better. But I'm not going to hold my breath through. That hope gets dimmer every day.
ive had those type of dream as well...its a good dream...but that dream woke me up... and as soon as i woke up and remember those dream..the depressing thought start to came in...trust me its not a good feeling...
I had a similar dream about a week ago where the girl was a former crush of mine and I was sleeping so deeply it felt real.  I was in tears when I woke up.  Hang in there friend, I know how debilitating lost love or lost chances at love feel.
I dream of her full of life   I guess the meds have been doing her right   she's so beautiful   and I cant wait to sleep
[removed]
Same. I just wish my brain couldn't realise that its never happening and wake me up.
I once had dream like this too but again my stupid brain woke me up
Same here. I always realize I'm dreaming within the dream when I realize the woman is genuinely attracted to me. Then I wake up.
I have ones about childhood friends too. I tracked a few of them down, one of them was even interested in being friends (although not the one I had dreams about.) You never know.
I wont learn being man from you
I just shared my frustration
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/km5ft8/somehow_i_may_have_actually_been_underestimating/
I was writing to myself last night, about the idea of actually being in a relationship of any sort -- not just as this far-away abstract thing I tell myself I want to work towards, but really trying to imagine it happening in my mind's eye. Imagining the girl being right there. Looking them in the eyes, asking questions, having conversations, doing activities, touch, kissing, sex, cuddling. All of these things with someone I don't *really* know yet. Far different than the imagined comfort and familiarity of a long-time partner. But that takes time, if it ever happens. Everyone starts out as a stranger.  Every aspect just seems incredibly overwhelming. What if I ended up freezing or crying? I felt anxious as I was writing, and when I was done, I had to go sleep for a few hours. I knew it was bad, but goddamn, I really *am* afraid of people. Feel like I need to be handled like a nervous puppy or something, by someone understanding. That doesn't sound like something that would happen.  To add to all of that, I'm always struggling with my sexuality, and I'm not sure if I'm even capable of loving someone. Do I actually want a relationship, or just the idea of one? Do I like people enough to want to make someone a core part of the rest of my life, or is that too much? How does one go into dating with these questions, which at the same time require some form of dating to resolve? And it just seems too fast, too linear, too serious. It seems like everything is casual or trying to be lifelong, and neither of those situations provides an environment where I can be both sexually and emotionally safe and figure myself out.  Though that desired safety is an illusion anyway. There's always risk, and you have to engage in a degree of risk to get anything out of life. But I don't know what it's going to take for me to feel comfortable with other people. Even a fellow weirdo. How I can get past this, when I'm so socially destitute that being face to face with another human being is highly unusual. I'm not interested in bars nor the meetup circuit. Before covid, during covid, after covid, things will be pretty much the same for me.  Evidently I am not ready for dating, but then what if I never am? I tell myself it's not good to rush, but it's also clear that the pool of compatibles shrinks with every year. And I'm trying to quit porn so that I can remove its influence from whatever my sexuality and libido really are, but this may be contributing to the anxiety I am also feeling again right now. I don't see how I'm supposed to pull this off for years and years, being where I am. Realistically, I will probably not meet anyone anytime within the next several years no matter what I do. I am probably also underestimating just how unready I am, and that even as it seems like the most counter-intuitive thing, I am probably better off giving no thought to any of this at all. I don't know anymore. I've wasted too much time trying to figure out what the best way to go about things is. I need to truly open myself up to the possibility that it doesn't matter. Live as though my 'fate' has already been decided. Because tHaT'S tHe ReAl BeSt WaY tO gO aBoUt ThInGs! But seriously, fuck it. I'm thinking too much. I'm gonna go rest a while.
I've been thinking about almost all of that too.  I've imagined being in a relationship as a fantasy, like being best friends in love (not that I have either). That all this kissing, cuddling, talking and just being with each other would be natural.  The problem is, I can't handle being around people. Everyone makes me feel incredibly uncomfortable and I feel like everyone's judging me. I can barely speak without talking utter nonsense, and then after a conversation is over, I feel ashamed of myself for the next few hours/days and when I get reminded of all these painful memories after months.  I've been trying to put myself in shoes of a person talking to me and it must be so uncomfortable for them as well to talk to an awkward person. Being anxious during a conversation makes the atmosphere tense and the talk becomes unnatural. It's like talking to an alien instead of another person. Chatting is supposed to be fun, not torment.  I can't imagine getting to know a person, let alone someone who could possibly become my partner later on. No one feels comfortable around me, and vice versa. Only a masochist would want to willingly put effort into building a bond with me.
Dude, you made me think... Even something simple, like picture this, you are there watching a movie with your girlfriend then suddenly the power goes out, Netflix fails, whatever... Then what? maybe you should chat with her for a bit, should be easy right? RIGHT!?!? NO!!! about what should we talk? how does this work???  Hell even something like this:  Me: i was thinking... if... you... would like to... you know... go out on a... a... date with me?...  Her: yes i would love to go out with you!!! >!*insert Shrek "Like that's ever gonna happen" here*!<  Me:.... .... .... ... ... *Brain.exe has stopped working*
This is what normies have - friends. Full stop. They have friends and places where they can meet people in a mutual setting, without the pressure of sex.   Once you start working, and you spend all your waking hours working, it's hard to find this.   Wish I had advice. I think about the same things much of the time.   I don't have "social anxiety", it's shame, visceral self-disgust, and knowledge that I am very different from people I see enjoying relationships and being pursued for the same.
Not second-guessing but what would be your objection to the meetup circuit? I would have thought it would be a low pressure way to become comfortable interacting with your desired gender.
Yeah, im the same. Just thinking about it makes my chest hurt...but I try to tell myself that I don't have social anxiety 😅
a lot of that is you and your brain making mountains out of mole hills. Even in your writing you can tell. Your not asking someone for marriage. your asking for drinks.
Eh, most of my interests and hobbies are solitary and/or male-dominated, so that doesn't really help. Were that not the case, I would be somewhat tempted, but it doesn't sit right with me to go to these things with other intentions. Ultimately I can't force myself to want to go, and I've got other issues not really worth rambling about.
And that's the worst thing about anxiety, you could understand from a logical point of view that "its just asking someone out for drinks" "it's just a bit of small talk" but your brain doesn't care, it'll go into "fuck this" mode regardless.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/klxiw9/how_can_i_stop_thinking_of_a_girl_romantically/
I have started to notice that whenever I think of a good friend of mine, I don't actually think of her as a friend anymore. I frequently wonder what it would be like being in a relationship with her, holding hands or just being close to her.   Anyway, I do not want to lose my composure and be overtaken by my delusions that things may work out one day. Also, I don't want to ruin our friendship because of me. This is driving me insane and I am at loss as to how I should handle this.
I don't think you can will it so. They're feelings that might go away over time, or you learn to live with it. It might just blossom into something eventually, but if it doesn't then it's not a big deal. Just remember to not overthink it. Don't dwell on it. Just let things come naturally.
I just went the full mile of explaining my feelings then just blocking her on everything. I hate how I still think about her.
There's a childhood friend I dream of very frequently even though its been over 5 years since I last saw her in person. Somedays I cannot stop myself from thinking about her or internet stalking her. Tried to connect with her but its clear she moved on and not interested in me anymore. I decided to thank her for the memories we once had together, wished her the best, said goodbye. Still dream of her.
Outside of cutting that person out of your life...  Dopamine. Like with anything positive experience in life, interacting with this person is triggering a dopamine release which reinforces your infatuation. You need to find a way interrupt this association.   As to how you can do that, I don't have any great ideas. However, if you are good friends with this gal, maybe you know about aspects of her personality which aren't too attractive. Maybe you can find a way to focus on those qualities. For example, if she has a bad attitude about losing, invite her to laser tag, wipe the floor with her, and then rub it in without being too much of a jerk about it.
I assume the response was negative?
She had an understanding tone when I told her my feelings but I'm not sure what her reaction was after I blocked her. I'm sure she's fine without me though since she has a lot of other male friends.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/klq2c5/you_know_youre_fucked_when_youre_gay/
You have less than 2 percent of the population to choose from based on sexuality. Straight people have 50 percent based on sexuality. Please tell me again how I'm going to "find the one" and that I won't be alone forever. 🙃😒 add being ugly and a loner and 🤌👌 chefs kiss.
This is NOT true.  I am a dude.  I joined Tinder.  Within the course of one week I matched 1 girl and got 5 other likes.  I changed the settings to show me to guys to see what would happen and then went to bed.  I woke up to 99+ likes and some super swiped.    Men aren't nearly as picky...
But we have much more competition as heteros.
I get your point but you’re fucking screwed to shit if you’re trans. Cheers.
[removed]
If gay people are 2% and then we fold in all of the other non straight sexualities straight people don't have 50%. I mean its still like 40 to 45% but it's definitely less than 50. And bisexuality people can count toward your dating pool. This doesn't change anything by more than a few percentage points and it is still more difficult for sure, especially if you're in a smaller town of course.
I've always heard, but haven't spent enough time around gay folks to verify, that the community is less focused on looks and more focused on personality. If that's true, then you've got something going for you that I don't.
Eh, maybe I should've clarified im a lesbian.
That's odd, because I'm a gay man and women are constantly telling me I'm so hot, developing crushes on me, etc. but my tinder is completely barren.  I'm honestly wondering if what's happening is that gay men think you're a rare "str8 acting gay guy" and getting excited about that, even if you aren't a 10/10 in the looks department. Gay men, by and large, are desperate for genuine masculinity in our partners. I would personally take an average straight guy over a beautiful effete gay man any day. They might be picking up on the fact that you're different from the rest, and your experience on Tinder is then completely skewed in your favor.
I didn't get 99 likes but I had four people reaching out to me in a week. After two years using the apps and not a single girl ever wanting to even talk to me. I felt like a human.
If someone who is asexual doesn't experience sexual attraction, it doesn't mean that she/he is not romantically attracted to people.
I empathize fam
The people obsessed with the LGBT shit are very choosy and cliquey as well. Normal gay people are a lot better.
As someone whose interests in men are starkly opposite to yours I find this information shocking and revelatory, I always figured I was bottom of the barrel among the gay community because I'm a wide shouldered, large armed, viking bearded man. I've always thought that it's easier to get the effeminate insecure shy submissive types if you are one so as a result I've never put serious effort into trying, and by and large wound up usually seeking and pursuing women.
Yes I don't know those names. All I want is being free from sexual and romantic desires.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kllpwo/falling_in_love_with_a_girl_on_the_internet/
I don’t know this girl, I’ve never seen her face, she lives on a different side of the planet, she’s never seen me, but I think about her 24/7. We’ve talked every night for a week straight(along with a couple friends) while playing a video game. She’s really sweet, funny and has an adorable accent.  I feel so pathetic though. There is no realistic way we could be together and I think she likes my friend more. This is making me resent my friend a little bit out of jealousy but I know it’s totally irrational to even think about her. I don’t want to lose my closest friend over something this stupid but I can’t help the irritation I feel when I hear they are talking more.  Why do I have to live like this? I think this the first time I’ve heard a girl say my name in over a year and it feels absolutely amazing when I hear it. Nothing sexual, I just feel like a person for once, but in the end, I’m just a username in a video game to some girl a million miles away.  At least talking to her will help me get through work and make it less miserable because I have something to look forward too, but I’m really only talking into a microphone to a faceless voice. This is the happiest I’ve felt in a little while, yet the most pathetic I’ve felt in a while, and I feel like I’m gonna start getting really sad again soon when she inevitably finds someone else to play video games with. She’s going to find someone local or online who’s better than me and will talk to him and I’m going to play video games every night for months and months, just like always.
I didn't exactly fall in love, but I remember being quite obsessed with my first online friend. She was a woman in her early forties that was happily married (so that had obviously zero interest ever meeting me) and yet I was so starved for women attention back then that I was thinking of her all the time at the start of our friendship. It got better eventually though, but even at the end of our friendship (which was after almost more than a year) I was still thinking about her everyday.
Ooh, I've tried the same for 3 years a loong looong time ago. And finally grabbed a flight to fly halfway across the world :)  Long story short, getting ghosted in a country where you dont really speak the language is a bad way to jump into depression)
Yes I know how it feels. Your lack of communication with girls makes you fell in love with random girls on the internet. If you were someone who talks with a lots of girl you wouldn't feel that way. I know. Maybe try. There are long distance relationships. I see on youtube they are meeting after months. Good luck.
Been there friendo. Even tho i got ghosted i hope it works out well for it. My advice is to just enjoy the momens yall share and try not to get so Invested.
I think you're lucky, I'm in the same situation with a girl who I lost contact with months ago and appears to have closed all her accounts. Sadly doesn't seem I'll ever find her again.  Honestly I'd say don't sever contact/allow contact to be severed no matter how appropriate it might feel. You'll regret it when you start feeling lonely again.
How did it end?
Fuck that took a turn I wasn’t expecting.
Yeah makes sense. In the game I’m playing(among us) there are lots of girls but I never feel the same way with them as I do with this girl.
I’m sorry man. I really feel like I’m gonna be in the same boat soon. I’ll try my best to keep up with her. I really feel like losing contact is inevitable and even though I feel really good now, I’m gonna crash down and feel worse than I did a week ago before I met her online.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/klglj9/im_extremely_touch_starved_right_now/
I'm(M21) so touch starved right now , I am even willing to go to a strip club and pay a stripper to cuddle and kiss me for a $100.   I volunteer at my church as a sound guy. In church , I work in a small 15ft by 15ft booth with our video guy working the cameras for the livestream. The video guy(let's call him Fred) has recently been bringing his girlfriend to church and she will sit in the sound booth with us and just be around the video guy. I don't have any issue with the Fred or his girlfriend but mannn, i get so jealous when his girlfriend will do things like playfully grab his leg, hug him from behind , kiss him , ect.   I try not to look but it's hard not to notice it when the sound booth we work at is so small. What makes it worse is his girlfriend is pretty hot. I just wish he and his girlfriend did there "thing" together outside of church. It's just frustrating having to deal with this every week .
Don't fall prey to desperation. It's gonna go south if you give in.
I often have to arrest myself when I see people being intimate in public. I can get so filled with resentment and self-pity. The very thought of a woman actually hugging me from behind out of love and caring, almost makes me cry.  For me it helps to reach out for my better instincts. "Good for them, I hope they're happy". "They aren't in my situation and that's good". That kind of thing. It feels fake, but it also feels better than the negative emotions.
This was my hell for 6 months of covid before my flatmate moved out. His girlfriend moved in so they'd not need to be apart. I had no problem as she waa my friend too.  The issue became when they became comfortable with displays of affection while i was arround.  Both know my relationship status, yet it didn't occur to them that shoving it in my face over a prolonged period could spark some form of resentment?
> I am even willing to go to a strip club and pay a stripper to cuddle and kiss me for a $100.   Don't.
A pet helps some
Fred and his girlfriend sound like fucking assholes for doing that in front of you
Why? I’d do that.
Why
Disease. I'm assuming that's the reason.
How can they know OP has no gf?
You make a good point
This is true. On another point it’s not up to other people to make sure everyone around them is happy and comfortable.   99% sure that if people in this sub had partners they wouldn’t give a damn about making sure someone that’s single didn’t feel bad about them being affectionate with their partner.   That’s just life fr.
Yes, empathy. If I had a gf I wouldn't like to be called asshole just because I hug her in fron of random dude. Sadly I am also a FA.
Yes I am sure as well.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kmbyqm/where_are_all_the_philosophical_girls_at/
I'm a male turning 17 soon and have never even asked a on a date before.  I'm bloody lonely with my only friends ever being ones I hang out with because then I would litteraly be alone. I have barely anything in common with my friends and are always the ones doing what they wanted to do or play. My family are basically complete opposites to me and I only have the company of the internet and the inside of my own skull to stop me going insane.  As you can see from the title I love philosophy and debate but I swear the rest of the world has no interest in this very much. I do have this one friend who I want to be my girlfriend but if the relationship goes sour it might destroy the relationship with the one person who enjoys the discussions I like to have. If I loose her then I might not find anyone else that could withstand my bullshit. I don't know what to do. If anyone has any advice or want to debate or discuss phylosophy I am free some of the time.
How about bromance
Well, you're not going to find girls (or really anybody) into philosophy on Tinder unless it's by sheer chance. What are your specific philosophical interests ? There are Discord servers, Twitter groups, reddit subs all about different philosophical interests. Yes men tend to be the majority of these groups, but the aren't completely without women. I mean it's silly to think that there is no girl out there who is interested in philosophy.
I don't mean to be rude but you don't seem to really understand what you're asking for. Debating philosophy is simply arguing, something that people don't tend to get into relationships for. At least not healthy ones.
Regarding your one friend, I guess it may be helpful to see if there's any interest from her or signs that may show that she's interested in something more than just friends. That would be one way to tell.   I understand that you may have some fears about losing a friendship if that relationship sours, but that's the inherent risk with wanting to date your friends. You just have to weigh the pros and cons and see whether it would work or is it worth it.
That could be a backup.
Yeah I've found plenty of phylosophy servers and dating servers but none that are both. It's funny because the girls I do find are either under age or lesbian.
You do realize there is such thing as healthy argument where both sides gain something out of it. If they are both civilized, don't take anything personally, try not to be biased and understand/respect the other person's opinion then it is helpful. If an argument doesn't have these factors then they will never leave an argument with a bitter taste in their mouths. Just because you have differing opinions does not mean you have to hate the other person for it. And if someone is loosing an argument but decides to attack you personally or change the subject then they probably aren't a very healthy person. I have arguments with my dad and friends and not one have I left hating the other person. The person who lost the argument learnt something and the person who won solidified their beliefs. That's why I want to have more so I can learn and craft my beliefs with experience and understanding of both sides of the argument to create the most rational beliefs. If you don't do this and instead believe in the first thing you fancy then you will become a close minded asshole who can only have conversations to people within cultural echo chambers. That is what your so called "healthy" relationship will become.
What sort of signs should I be looking for?
People don't work that way, and the paragraph you posted in response kind of proves that. I know you think you carefully crafted that to hide your emotions, but it didn't really hide the fact that you're pretty upset by my suggestion that relationships and philosophical debates don't really work well together.  Couples may have the occasional neutral disagreement, but on the whole healthy relationships aren't built on two people who constantly disagree with each other. That fosters hostility and resentment.  To be perfectly honest, I think what you mean to say is you want a lady to listen to all of your philosophical positions, and to either give you constructive criticism about or fully agree with them. I doubt very seriously you're looking for a relationship where the lady constantly runs down all your positions.
It varies but a lot of the times, you are looking to see if there's any interest more than just friends. Like, does she initiate the conversation/texts/calls; does she contribute or add to the conversation; does she want to get to know you more or deeper than the surface level information; does she act different or do things for you that she does not normally do with other friends.   Just some examples, it doesn't have to be any or all of the above.
I posted that so you would learn something from this debate.  Also emotions are useless nowadays. If you want to have a debate about that too I would be keen even though I had that same debate not too long ago.  As above If they are both civilized, don't take anything personally, try not to be biased and understand/respect the other person's opinion then they won't leave with hostility or resentment. I'm not saying they always have to disagree but they can have debates where one side takes an opinion they don't believe in (or both) then there will be no hostility towards the other person's stance which isn't there own.  I would like constructive criticism yes but it will inevitably turn into a debate anyway.  And for the record I get really annoyed at people who constantly agree with me (even though I have some pretty weird opinions so it doesn't happen much). All agreement does is finish the conversation so nothing will be learnt. On a greater level argument is needed for a society to function and if everyone agreed then no progress would be made.
So you'd be happy in a relationship where you're wrong all the time?
Wrong. Nobody is ever wrong. Just certain opinions are more likely to be right then others.
You just contradicted yourself twice.   I'm seriously not trying to rile you up. I'm trying to explain to you that the reason your premise that there should be more women willing to base a relationship on philosophical debate is flawed because most people don't want to get into a relationship to debate.   You're not accepting that reality, and that is why such a relationship wouldn't work. If you won't accept that I'm correct, some random guy on the internet, I don't see how you'll tolerate it from some person whose opinion of you is supposed to matter.
Well that won't be the only thing I would go into a relationship for but I would prefer someone who enjoys it as a hobby or atleast can put up with my rants. I definitely wouldn't want someone who constantly gets in arguments because that would just get annoying (even though that's probably how my friends feel). Sorry that I didn't make that clearer.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kl6rl2/i_have_no_more_friends/
I work anywhere from 12-16 hours a day. It's all I live for. I have nobody ever contact me to hang out. Nobody says happy birthday or Merry Christmas. Nobody asking how I've been since they haven't seen me since COVID. Like nobody cares about be at all. It's depressing going outside trying to do things and you see all these groups of people out having fun and you're just by yourself. Want to try this new restaurant? Yeah, not alone man. Want to go to the beach? And be surrounded by families and big groups of friends while I look like some awkward depressed fuck? I'm good bro.
I’d cry if I was able bodied and of sound mind  Edit merry Christmas
Actually, it’s the same thing for me. There is literally no one anymore. It’s gotten to the point where every single Saturday and Sunday night I’m entirely alone. Video games, reading, drawing and listening to podcasts have become my friends.
I don't work so many hours a day but about the rest ... Yeah totally same :(
As a programmer I also work long hours but not 12h tho. Only sometimes when it's really needed. In terms of friends to hangout I am in the same boat too. You leave college has a programmer without a girl and a group of friends you are fucked. It's mainly dudes. Lucky some girls are getting more into it but only shit where I work is mainly man. Really need to do a activity but alone is always hard.
totally
Quitting my high paying but long hour and high stress job was the best decision I ever made in my life. Sure I was making great money, but I was also stressed out of my mind working 70 hours a week. Now I make a little over half of what I used to make, but I couldn’t be happier. There are things way more important than money in life.
Going to a restaurant alone? Yeah, I do. Plenty of people do. Try to bullshit with/actually get to know the waiter and some of the people around you and maybe make a friend.   Going to the beach alone? Yeah, take up surfing or scuba diving or something. Then you not only have a solid reason, but might actually come across as pretty damn cool.   Alone with your thoughts? Try to draw something, learn a language on Duolingo (~~the owl has kidnapped me and is making me write this, help~~ ¡Me gusta Duolingo!), put some time and effort into learning a new skill. Hell, try to pray if that's your thing.  Regardless, you overthink things and sell yourself short, OP. Don't do that.
Look at positive things. You have a job.
> Want to try this new restaurant? Yeah, not alone man.  Actually why not. Look for new yummy food, bring a book or a laptop along, Combine. No need to interact with anyone. A lot of customers are like that.
I'm here if you need a friend :)
Are you hyper conscientious? If so, that’s just par for the course. You give everything up for your success in that one domain you chose
Welcome to adulthood
Ahh! Your always welcome to hang out with me friend!
Ouch, this is me.  I dropped out of college twice, first time because I got busted by the cops smoking weed, and second time because it was a waste of my time and money.  Became a self-taught web developer, and recently had to move back home after my lease ended and couldn't find a new set of roommates.  At 20, with almost zero friends, and no reason to go outside (it's winter and my income is achieved by sitting at my computer all day) I am not optimistic about my chances of becoming a sociable person.  What am I supposed to do, waltz around and ask people to be my friend?  I have no clue how people make new friends outside of those you knew in HS or College tbh, the concept is completely alien to me.  Too introverted and self-conscious for my own good.
Without it I'd probably be even more miserable tbh.
[deleted]
I never understood why it's weird going to a restaurant on your own? Is that an American thing? Here in Germany, nobody could give less of a fuck if you come alone. I'd even say, that bigger families are much rather prone to being perceived negatively than loners minding their own business...
True
I work 25 hours a week and I feel exhausted every day. It’s a really hard physical labor job but still, 5 hours a day should be like nothing. I’m terrified for my future jobs.
It depends on the restaurant. I don't think eating alone is weird in general, but there are definitely certain restaurants that would make me feel out of place. Especially if everyone around me is a large group of friends or couples.
It depends on the restaurant. I feel like a sit in restaurant where you’re waited on is kind of weird to go alone to.  It doesn’t matter though because U.S. culture is not talking to each other and no meeting strangers and talking shit about and judging strangers.
Huh. You must be in a different part of the country. I've heard plenty of foreigners say Americans are incredibly talkative and friendly, even with strangers. So much so that they think it's really weird, and a complete 180° from their countries.   As far as a sit in restaurant that you get waited on. Like if It's a place that's reservation only, yeah I could see going alone being kind of weird. Since the expectation is that you're there for a date or some special event. Other than that, who cares?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kl29ax/im21_dont_know_if_anyone_can_relate_but_im_afraid/
So I have never dated before but i am making changes to make my self more appealing to women. I have always longed for any type of physical touch and quality time (my two love languages) with a girl . This can be hugs, eating lunch together, the small random touches i may get every now and then, ECT. When i get a girlfriend, i know i would naturally want be physically clingy with her simply because i have never had a girlfriend before. Can anyone else relate?
Honestly, some people love that stuff. In the few short-lived dumpster fires of relationships I've had, most of the time when I said I like to cuddle they were all over that.   If you do get a partner, communication is key. Be open about what you do and don't want, where exactly the boundaries are, and how much of it either of you would tolerate.   That said, good luck OP.
Oh boy you’re about to enter the ruthless dating market..good luck...
The right woman will love your physical affection and quality time.  I'm a woman and my love languages are physical touch and quality time as well. If my loved one touches me out of love, I'll never consider it clingy. I will cherish it and find it special.
That's a valid concern because a lot of people do/will find that offputting - but not everyone does or will. One of the things to remember is that this kind of thing will naturally be something that needs to evolve over time with most people, and IMO it's good to sort of get a read on someone as you get to know them.   The other thing to bear in mind is that, sadly, through social media and assorted life experiences, a lot of people have come to erroneously equate someone being "clingy" as something borderline toxic - potentially even a red flag indicating that someone could/will turn obsessive, controlling, etc.   What I can tell you from personal experience is that everyone doesn't process these things the same way. It's important that you're honest with yourself, and with someone you're interested in being in a relationship with - because otherwise one or both people end up not getting what they actually want/need. Some people find it offputting for their partner to be clingy, whether physically or otherwise; but, again, not everyone is like that.   My comment is likely going to get downvoted to hell because a lot of people so much as see the word "clingy" and relate it to negative traits etc. Fwiw, how you describe your love languages and those things is entirely how I feel about it myself. I would honestly struggle significantly with being in a relationship with someone who wasn't like that. But, having said that, everyone sometimes needs space.   Sorry that this is a bit all over the map. I guess what I'm trying to say is that yes, I can totally relate to what you're saying; there's nothing wrong with it - you just need to find/meet the right person who feels the same way...and that might seem like a tall order, but it's not :)
Can totally relate. I love physical touch but I'm afraid of crossing boundaries.
This is not a bad insecurity at all. It all depends on the person you're interested in though. Everyone has different emotional and physical boundaries like getting bombarded with face kisses from my partner gives me severe anxiety but I love to snuggle and rub my hands against her. You just have to learn their boundaries so you know how you can flourish
Same. My main love language is touch too and I have a feeling I might come on a little strong on accident. Especially considering I don’t even know the last time I touched another human.
Being mindful, which you are already doing, is most of the battle. If a girl doesn’t like that level of affection then she isn’t the right one for you.   There is a lot to be said about ramping up who you are and what you want to anyone you date. My wife is fine with my shortcomings and personality, and would even say it makes her love me more. That being said, if I went in 100% me from the start it definitely would’ve overwhelmed her.
What do you mean by this?
I think the difference is between being attentive and suffocating a person.   When I think of clingy people I always think of people who’s entire life is the relationship they’re in.
The dating scene is ruthless, merciless, disappointing, frustrating, but if you survive all that (including rejection) and find the one, it was all worth it. Surely you know what the dating game is like.
Agreed, but I also think it depends on the people involved. The "normal" kind of attachment that comes out of a "normal" childhood etc. is probably much less likely to cause attachment/abandonment issues, for one. I think it's mostly a problem when one person is very much suffocating the other or it becomes something really crazy - one of my friends basically stayed in a relationship that was suffocating her because her boyfriend kept threatening to kill himself if she left. And then he cheated on her.
Needle in a haystack situation..and what guarantees that the person you think is « the one » will like you
Emphasis on "if".
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kl4rak/monke_brain/
I don't even want a relationship. I truly don't. I realized that  Alas the monke brain in my cranium goes "ooo oo ah ah need to reproduce" and therefore I'm stuck in a absurd cycle of pain.  Why must it be like this  All I do is suffer because of it
Honestly.
real talk
A tale as old as time
Dopamine is evil.
Yea?
I guess.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/klbcqc/evening_all/
Evening all and a belated merry Christmas! :)  I'm new here so thought I'd say "hello" and share my experiences.   I'm a pretty average looking mid 40's bloke. Bit thin on top, slight dad bod(I'm working on that ;) below average height.  Had a few relationships and flings, but never quite "got there" and having used every bloody dating app/relationship book/3rd party advice/putting myself "out there" I'm still single and have come to accept that the opposite sex are absolutely  NOT attracted to me in the slightest.  And you know what.Fuck em'! I really don't care anymore. I'm not allowing other peoples rejection or complete apathy towards me to affect my sense of worth anymore.  I'm going to carry on being the best person I can be and if that attracts someone then so be. If not, like I said before.   Fuck em'!
> Had a few relationships and flings
well depressing comments aside, it's good that your accepting not to change who you are for love being in a relationship where you can be true to yourself is really the only one that healthily works. not to mention its good for you mentally to not worry about that stuff.
Proud of you, man. Best of luck
Hey welcome. :D  I'm in the Forever Alone (intentionally) camp ... I love being alone, and chose to be alone when I had opportunities not to be.  Being alone especially as a male who is getting up in age is awesome .. and I'm so glad I'm single.  When you're single you can do whatever you want, and nobody bitches or complains about it. :D  I mean unless what you want is to be rude or something .. then they don't like that.
Can't wait to get to 45 and my hormones die off. I forgot since I was a kid how it feels like to not need someone.
You make it sound like that's a bad thing?
I’m in my mid 20s and I agree with the freedom.
What sub do you think you're in
Well it helps knowing that you physically can get a relationship in order to ignore them.  Im not sure I was meant for it. Hard to wake up everyday with that thought in my head.
That was a long time ago though. Once you get past 40 it's pretty much impossible
If you want to get into a relationship over 40 it's definitely possible .. I mean, I don't know about for women, but for men it certainly is.  My experience is that women got even more interested as I got older ... admittedly because some of them get to a certain point in their life and suddenly realize they pissed away every chance they had and are now looking at being old, alone, and broke with their cats.
Sure. You are at a point where you can emotionally afford not to care tho, mad respect.   Wish I could do that.
[${URL}] https://www.vox.com/future-perfect/2020/4/11/21212845/how-to-be-alone-coronavirus-quarantine-isolation-solitude

This article is very depressing. I had to stop reading after the part where people would rather shock themselves repeatedly than live like me.  The only good takeaway is that we've had a lot of practice for the social distancing. At least it's somewhat true that we've been social distancing before it was necessary.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkpthl/this_is_it_this_is_my_life/
I want to start by saying that I now realize I am incapable of getting into a relationship. I realize that the problem is me be socially inept, unattractive, and just plain weird. I understand that there is no way to change your personality; I'll try and try, but eventually, I'll revert to my true self. ”Fake it ’til you make it,” they'll say, but it's hard for me to fake being someone I'm not; it's not me. I can't be like them. I can't be normal. The only thing that brings me close to being normal is drugs, and at the state I'm in, I'm not allowed to use them.  I have crushes; I have feelings. I know that not everyone will find love; let's be honest; I won't find love. I'm surrounded by couples loving each other, displaying affection for each other. My situation is similar to eating in front of a starving person; it's right in front of you, and you desperately need it, but you're unable to have it. I can not escape from this; everywhere I go, everything I do, I'm constantly reminded about the lack of love for me. It's inescapable.  Fuck my life, man. I quit!
The metaphor about eating in front of a starving person hits very close to home (we're the emotionally starved persons nobody seems to want to feed). I was actually beginning to make progress, and I have been able to cook and eat some scraps, but the pandemic took that all away. Through a twisted chain of decisions I have had food at home for the last year, but I can only look at it, and I'm not even allowed to think about eating it. Others can though, just not me. If I try, it poisons me too.  We need a FA dating site. We should understand each other much better than neurotypicals, sociotypicals, and physycotypicals.  M4F, 5'9", 37, East London (Poplar)
[deleted]
Life is meaningless without someone to share it with. I feel so damn lonely it physically hurts. I'm unattractive to every female in this world. And on top of all this, girls practically call me ugly in public places. Can't take the pain anymore, I just want out.
[removed]
If you doing amphetamines or opioids fuck that bro. IMO lsd, shrooms, mdma, and weed is my go to when I feel bad. Puts me back on my feet
hot damn, I don't remember writing this
Don't quit man.Go do something you like to forget about it but don't do drugs please.
Sorry OP. This is me in the US. I am about to begin q teaching program in Colombia. During a similar teaching program I had my first gf. Sorta persuaded me I had leveled up and that things would be better on return, but each time I reenter the US I reenter celibacy. I recommend Peace Corps, military, anywhere where you can get a living wage outside of Greater Europe. When my contract elapses I will try Peace Corps again, then South Korea. Sorry OP it is a tough row to hoe
Don't quit brah. Level up, think of the person you wish you were and invest in yourself to become that person. Dont try to find happiness and selfacceptance through another person, try to find love and acceptance of yourself by working hard to become the better version of yourself. When 0lve reached a point of selflove then you can start to think about romantic partnership, not before, for it will only strengthen your selfloathing and destructive coping. You dont like something about yourself? Then change it if you can or learn to accept that which you cann't. Most of all enjoy this temporary mortal existence as much as you can and dont let comparison be the thief to your joy.
The "I quit" has me worried. Are you all right? Are you considering suicide?
The best answer here is to head over to r/wallstreetbets and learn how to invest in a completely irresponsible way to make shitloads of money. Then if you are like 1 percent of that subreddit that actually makes it work your weirdness and ugliness won’t even matter. Chicks dig dudes with money
Please don't harm yourself. You mentioned drugs. In case you mean psychiatric medication and not te cocaine kind of drugs, is there stuff stopping you from moving to another state where you are allowed to get psych meds?
You don't need anyone to be happy, only yourself
I agree, the starving kid metaphor is super powerful. If I had any kind of artistic skill, I think it would make a great comic of some kind.
[deleted]
I recommend Air Force. At least you get brotherhood, access to psychologists, access to chaplains, exercise, and some foreign duty stations where you can travel to Thailand/Philippines etc  I would be you except I read On the Road by Jack Kerouac and thought "wow this fancy literary dude went to MX and u can pay for it there" thanks Tj
I drown my pain with god.     &#x200B;  &#x200B;       ^(and copious amounts of alcohol...)
mdma leaves u a wreck afterwards - others seem alright tho
Weed and alch are like the only things keeping me going
Drugs are fun
Acid is fun to
You ever tried acid or molly?
I have never tried drugs and i won't try them in my life and you also should stop using them.Am strongly against drugs,alchocol and coffee.
The US is this weird place. I’m Asian. I don’t have trouble in Asia. In the US? Hahahahahaha.
There’s plenty of shit people out there that get to be in relationships and don’t have to change themselves at all, why do we have to? Because we’re ugly
[removed]
[deleted]
You can still make the comic without any artistic skills using StoryboardThat.  Here's what I made a little while back:  https://www.storyboardthat.com/storyboards/uplink/storyboard-of-my-life  And if you get into this, you'll have a story to tell to potential dates (you're a cartoon author)
Even that is 90% men and even if you post something there as a man you'll basically never get any response. Same with any other dating website/app
I was in the Air Force actually, seperated in September this year. The work stress and night terrors made my situation worse. I'm using my GI Bill now for school and get 36 months (3 years) of income to attempt to correct my situation. That's where my plan stems from
Probably a stupid amount of mg. I’ve done 200mg and felt the comedown and etc. I also do the needed 3 month break between each time I roll
I almost died because of drugs, ambulance taken me because I had some kind of attack. Before that I felt like I was stuck in a timeloop and it was like HELL. Sure drugs are fun, but it’s just not for everyone.
Nah man
[removed]
Sure, but comparison and joytheft and all. For real it's about finding true satisfaction in life and instead of competing with others and falling short in your eyes is spilled energy you may let go off, dont let it steal life's better experiences from you.   Compete with the you from yesterday and vow today to be a better version then that and win that competition everyday. Putting your focus and frustrations into something that will positively grow you and the world you inhabit is an actual reward instead of the suffering we put ourselves through feeling unworthy and inferior.   Don't blackpil yourself, realise you are responsible for making yourself happy, you have to honor that job title. See yourself in the most realistic rpg and send that character of yours to great adventures and fun. Take care bud, dont listen to the haters in your head. You got a job to take care of this brah that is you, now get to work. ;)
Plenty of ugly people in relationships. Don't narrow it down to an oversimplification.
S’true
Yeah, 2 times, and neither of those times the people I was with really loved me, one of them was just playing with me and the other one was with me out of pity They did harm me, but whatever
my man here thinking life can actually be "solved" just like that  nah, fam, some people are meant to live this way and nothing they will ever do can help them to overcome that shit, stop spreading "instagram", "r/wholesomememes" type of shit and learn to be real
may I ask why is people downvoting me?
He certainly speaks like instagram.  > nah, fam, some people are meant to live this way and nothing they will ever do can help them to overcome that shit   But that's not being real either.
If you or any of the people here do not wanna get better in terms of enjoying life to its fullest, then it’s your choice, but don’t ever curse your fate for not living life as a happy person would, you have the chance to turn it all around, remember that it is your choice to either stay hopeless and pessimistic for the rest of your life or pull yourself together and go out and show everybody that you are proud of yourself no matter what.
You said you can be happy without relationships and then admitted you've been in relationship, which you would not have pursued if you didn't think it would improve your life. You've admitted that you know a life other than being single, which most of the people on this sub don't get to experience. That's why you're being downvoted. Any questions?
[deleted]
The two relationships I had lasted less than a week,that people didn't even like me, like I said, because they themselves told me that, I have never been a real relationship where someone loved me, and no one has ever liked me neither. I thought that being in a relationship would improve my life, but I didn't get to experience it, because I never had love from my "partners". And I'm by my own now, and I'm doing what I like, and I'm happy despite being single and despite the fact that I'm going to die alone, you don't need a couple, you need to love yourself, and to accept who you are. I might have had a couple but I'm still a kissless virgin, who wasn't loved by anyone, I know how y'all feel
You wanna get real, let's get real. What makes life interesting is its unpredictability, you may not have the face people would describe as handsome or you may not have an intelligence that will get you through every obstacle you ever face, you may not have the rich parents who would give you opportunities or parents who would feed you with affection. Yeah I understand why somebody would think they are inferior. Some people(not so many) have all these things, some don't have any. Unfortunately, not everything is fair, but some of the people who have all these things end up becoming useless hobos with nothing to offer and some of the people who don't have anything at the beginning end up with everything. "Everything" doesn't have to mean being stinking rich or incredibly successful, happiness is everything. But happiness is not permanent so you gotta keep thriving for it, some days you can feel depressed but the trick is knowing that these days will pass. There's not even a single person that hasn't experienced unhappiness in some part of their life. So please don't blame your unhappiness on your fate. Fate can become a lousy bastard if you don't appreciate the things you already have and don't make any effort to improve in any way. You may say that you have nothing, but it's untrue. You are alive and that is all you need to have everything.
Well that's good for you. Unfortunately many of us don't have other things to look forward in life. You can't put your own experiences onto other people because that's just not accurate.
[deleted]
[removed]
Look, some of the things you say don't even make sense. You say that you have things many wish they had but you also say you have lost the genetic lottery. I'm not sure what you're trying to imply by saying I have lost the genetic lottery, I am not sure by which means you are unfortunate, please clarify what genetic lottery means for you. Anyway, I am gonna guess that you are self conscious about your looks, I don't know you and I don't know how you look so lets assume you are ugly as fuck and you think this is the obstacle between you and having a great life like the people who have won the "genetic lottery". Then how were you able to get all these things many wish they had? How did your bad genetics not stop you?   I am not trying to blow sunshine up your ass, don't get me wrong. There may be some other things you are not mentioning which are upsetting you but as far as I understand the thing that upsets you the most is not having had any relationships and having almost hit 30 without enjoying life or pursuing things that would have made you happy. You sound as if age 30 is the beginning of the end. That is ridiculous. It's not the very beginning I know that, but It doesn't have to be. Beginning is what you make it. You can be 60 and decide to change, but thankfully you are not even 30. So my advice for you is to start appreciating life and stop whining like a bitch. But you gotta start soon, you're not late to change now or tomorrow but one day you will really be late. So stop making excuses for yourself. I am not gonna lie, I am a fairly lucky guy, I've had a decent life(of course there were some bad times) until now, but I was pretty depressed for the last couple of weeks because of my obsessive nature. I hope that I will be okay soon, I can't be sure of that. And neither can you. You can't be sure if you will turn things around and you obviously can't be sure that you are gonna feel good and be thankful for your life at some point in future, but why not give it a shot?
[deleted]
What kind of a relationship? Family, friend or a boyfriend/girlfriend kind of a relationship? If you mean a boyfriend/girlfriend kind of relationship I wouldn't say I've been in one. I've talked to girls or I can say that I've dated a couple but it goes as far as there. I've never kissed a girl. So what was your point?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkwv5n/what_keeps_you_going_in_life/
For most of us here, the social stigma, the general disgust at our situations has brought us to depression, anxiety, asocialness and even suicidal thoughts. I’m curious to see if my reasons as to why I continue living rather than roping match others or if others have different reasons?
Pure hate  I may never be welcomed by others, so at least I’ll keep living so they have to deal with me
attack on titan final season
nothing does
too much of a fucking coward to kill myself
Knowing that this is very likely the only life I'll ever have, so I might as well try to make the most of it. People that choose to "check out early", so to speak, tend to resign themselves to a state of "learned helplessness" where they refuse to accept any possibility that they may one day be happy.   There's absolutely no guarantee that any of us will ever be able to live the life we ideally want, but we can still find _some_ happiness if we give ourselves permission to feel it. It can be tough when we're constantly bombarded with thoughts of self-criticism and self-hatred, which is where medication and therapy can help.  I refuse to give up the possibility that I might one day find fulfilment in life, whether or not that involves me getting into a relationship. If my ship sails straight into the abyss, then so be it. I'm not jumping overboard while there's still a chance I may one day find an island.
What keeps me here is the last thread of hope I'm dangling by that things will improve. When that goes, I'm gone.
My hobbies.  1. Playing Piano  2. Fixing electronics. You won’t believe how much joy it brings when you play music on a reel to reel recorder after it has spent 40 years on an attic. Of course I also fix laptops, phones, consoles etc.  3. Keeping my snails as pets. Seriously. Great pets with huge personalities.
My parents. They've already lost one kid. I'm the only kid left for them. So I feel I can outlive them before checking out myself. A lot of days it's hard... _Very_ hard. But trying to keep it together.
[removed]
My parents and my hobbies
Mostly to support and be there for those I care about.  There's not really much I'm personally looking forward to. In the meantime I just try to make the best of the situation and myself where I feel I'm able to put in the effort. Mostly out of some sort of spite, and also in an attempt to be some sort of positive influence to those around me.
Honestly nothing just sorta waiting the only upside in my little bit of time on this shit covered rock is that I can make people laugh every once in awhile.
I think I have discovered that there is more to life. A good meal for example might be better shared with a beautiful girl, but it's still a good meal. A gorgeous sunset, again, would be better spent holding hands with someone pretty, but it's still a beautiful sunset.  And the list goes on and on: all I have in life is myself and my parents, but I think that is still worth living for.  The girl at this point will probably never come, but that's ok. There's more to life than love.
The social stigma of being an ugly, socially awkward, 22 year old guy automatically equating to being creepy and looked down upon, reigns supreme on my every day life. I still have my copes however. I keep myself occupied by binge watching Netflix and Youtube all day on my days off. Every day I go to work is a day I never look forward to. No, scratch that. Every single day is a day I never look forward to.   Even alongside my copes, I still sometimes find myself dwelling on how pathetic I really am. Eventually, I need to start finding more effective copes as time goes on. My ultimate goal is to find peace with my circumstances and truely come to accept living with my fate. I should rightfully come to accept the fact that it is unethical for DNA such as my own to be passed on, or the fact that it is wrong for me to be in the presence of any female around my age range.  I'm pretty certain that my life has been hanging on by a few threads. Not only does my FA status make it difficult, but my current financial situation as well (Minimum wage, student loan payments, etc). I live in a society that revolves around modern Western Capitalism and corporate greed. I don't live in the US, but I can't say we're much better up here in Canada. Yeah, people are just as bitter and judgemental up here too.  Sorry for the long rant. Guess I just had to get things out of my system, even if it was just in the form of a comment. Thank you for sticking around until the end to read it.
I'm my parent's only child. I'm not going to put them through losing me. By the time they die I expect most of my friends to be too busy starting families of their own to maintain any connection with me. After that, when no one is left to care, that's when I'll consider permanent options.
Music, Exercise, Martial Arts and what little friends/family I have left. That's what I'll publicly tell people but secretly I'm simply too cowardly to try and kill myself again.
Anger keeps me going, disdain of the world makes me keep going, the wish to take a big piss upon this world someday keeps me going. But that is the only time when the wall of apathy cracks. When apathy takes over, you don't care about living or dying. You don't really feel like living but there is no motivation to end it all either.
So many reptiles I have yet to keep and learn about and see. Humans suck but nature is beautiful and I want to experience it to the fullest. After I feel done, I'll feel comfortable ending it
I dont know right now.
I've a decent hobby, a caring family and dog, goals for the future, and have never had to suffer in poverty. This is what keeps me going.  I do hope I can leave this sub someday, but it'll be a hard-fought battle with the enemy being my own anxiety and inexperience. No question that most people my age (after 20) have had sex and been in some kind of a relationship already. This means starting from a deficit and it's only going to get worse as the months and years pass by. And that's really what I fear the most: losing hope.
People want me to die so I live out of pure spite
https://youtu.be/D7pKjTfrETI
God, Family & friends
The fact there's no quick and painless suicide method. Way too scared to jump from a height and I've attempted to overdose on pills 2 times without success
My hobbies and the joy and support i can give people that do see me beyond my faults, whether IRL or online.
im curious to see what happens in the future... new tech, wars, human on mars, climate change disasters. kinda wanna see more of the whole show, good and bad.  also while love and family are some of the most important things, they're not the only important things... could care for rescued pets, volunteer for the poor, devote to a cause or an hobby. can call those choices or copes, but they also have real value.
i have a book trilogy to write
I am lucky in that I have a pretty good family and a few friends. I also have job that manages to be meaningful from time to time.  To be honest, the main reason why I don't feel like killing myself is that I have seen what it does to a family and I don't want my sister and mother to go through with that. As long as they are alive, I will continue the struggle. Even if my life is losing more and more of its meaning as time passes.
Keep living just to spite others. I can dig it.
Based
Really? That just makes it to when people are able to get rid of you, that you will have nothing else to live for.
Newest episode was crazy
High five
Do you have a giant african land snail? What types do you keep? Sounds cool
How do you learn how to fix stuff? I would love to kearn about it.
[removed]
Yup. Achatina Immaculata. I have 3, the minimum size for a group.
Ifixit kit, internet and an understanding that you're gonna break some stuff even more than it already was.
D'awww, now kiss.
The fucc
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkxdoa/i_cant_handle_this_shit_anymore/
im going crazy, man  &#x200B;  in the past few weeks ive been desperately trying to make an accurate clone of my crush using the technology we have now. ive been using a 3d modelling software and photoshop. so in this 3d model software thing you could put someones face in it and it would instantly make it and you could pose bodies and if you're done with it you could render it.  i also put my face in there and made it so me and my crush could hold hands and stuff. its both a blessing and a curse, why? a blessing because its like looking into another reality where i succeeded in life and got her, but a curse as well because you are not in that world. so i wanted to really make it my reality. so i wanted to buy a vr headset to truly experience it, but i didnt know how to put it there directly, so i chose not to buy it. another thingy im using is replika, which is basically an AI bot generating text so you could have a conversation as long as you'd like. i pretended that was her, it felt like i was really with her. i even made a facebook account of her to make her comment on my photos which i thought would boost my confidence.   looking back at this, makes me feel like scum.  &#x200B;  i dont really know what to do anymore at this point, ive reached rock bottom  im gonna die alone
Honestly friend a like 1 month hiatus from the internet and computers would maybe do you good it’s clearly very damaging to you mental health
[deleted]
You’ll die lonely but not alone. Well be best friends in the grave in a few decades!!! Me, you, and you’re rotting crush
This is genuinely something you should seek therapy for dude. What the actual fuck.
For the type if things you did like creating a fake Facebook account I would say you are still young. No one does that. Consider yourself lucky because at least you know a girl to be able to have a crush on. Most of us don't really interact with any girl "friend"
If you’re just trying to avoid feeling lonely, thats fine. It just may not last very long.  VR is interesting, we can trick our psychology. If you’re interested in that, you just would have to avoid some pitfalls...  If it makes you feel better, no damn way is a 3d model going to capture anything about who a person is. But it will turn on the parts of your brain that make you think you’re near them (if in vr) so you could simulate a conversation, however silly that sounds. We’re very visual & social creatures.
This sounds like a bad case of ONE-itis. Don't do this man, it just makes you suffer. Move on. There are more girls. Also, might seek professional help? There's no shame in that.
[removed]
i accept my fate.
i dont care if she doesnt think about me, as long as she still exists in my mind i'll stay happy.
yea
Made a clone of my crush using everything technology could give, definitely need therapy.
nah dude I’m just a bit too desperate
I hope things look up for you friend
Things will get better. Much love.
Thanks man, really needed that
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkqmuz/imagine_being_good_at_something_this_post_is/
It's late night here and I'm about to hit myself in the head for why I exist, I can't even do anything properly. I fail at literally every fucking thing and I get blamed by my dad for it. My family is dysfunctional, there are a lot of events which still haunt me and it affects my social life. I feel like I don't have any friends. I low-key envy people who literally have friends that are there for them when they need them the most.      I plan to do a lot of things, but during the end of the day I end up doing nothing as planned. I'm not talented or anything. I am dumb and don't know anything. Internalized capitalism is doing its thing and I feel I'm so worthless that I just can't seem to fit in the capitalistic world. Even the things I end up doing doesn't go well. There's nothing I can do about it.
How old are you, buddy? Maybe it’s time to move out.
On internalised capitalism; everyone in this world is trying to sell you something, if you think otherwise your a buyer. All too often we're told "If you buy this, then you'll have happiness, sex or whatever" .   It's a hard truth to swallow that you don't need a fast car, and only need intrinsic values. It even harder when you realise that these "intrinsic values" can be much harder to obtain, and in many instances can't be bought and are down to pure luck ( e.g. love).  Because of the way our society is structured, we regularly become disenfranchised with what we truly want, and are instead forced into a rat race, thus by plunging us into a depression. It can be hard to get out, but I've found that working the bear minimum for a while and just having time to yourself can give you some guidance in life. It beats working all the time, and let's be honest the grass really isn't that green enough in retirement to waste your life for.
I'm 22 and I live in India.   We're 1. Conservative. 2. Family sticks together even after the kid earns his own money.  It's like this. I have gone through a typical Indian middle class life. I know all the downfalls of it. I can be the parent I wish I had.
No offense but every kid thinks they’ll be better than their parents it’s a delusion
It's same for me too.
You are an Indian, so have you given the JEE or other exams?
I'm slowly turning into my father, and I don't want to be him. It's depressing to know I'm becoming the man that, intentionally or otherwise, left me worse off than I would have been with my mother.
I decided not to take up JEE at the last moment, though I studied for it.
Had you joined a coaching institute for your training?
Nope, I didn't join exclusively for JEE.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkp55w/well_i_am_now_officially_the_only_one_in_my/
I just found out today that one of my friends from back home finally got a girlfriend for the first time at age 27.  They had actually been together since august.  I wondered why he had disappeared from social media since around that time.   Now I have no friends in my boat at all.  I'm not saying this because I'm jealous or anything but it now basically proves with 100% certainty that it is my unavoidable issues.  I have my vision problem where I can't see more than 25% of what a normal person sees and this is due to uncorrectable nerve damage which was caused by a neurological condition called hydrocephalus.  I also have really bad short term memory and a very bland personality.  Personality might be fixable but since I depend on others to get around and accomplish my day to day activities.  No girl wants a guy they have to take care of unless he is famous of course.     I told this friend years ago that it would be easier for him and all he had to do was drop the racist neo nazi incel personality and it will happen for him and looks like I was right.    The only real advice I got from people on how to succeed with dating is to "get surgery" (for my eyes which is not possible) or "become famous".     I know I've been ranting a lot on here lately but this one takes the cake and now I am truly alone in my situation and I'm at my wits end.  I almost don't want to live anymore and thing that if 2021 is more of the same thing we have had in 2020 I will end just myself this world has gone to shit.  I don't even see how anyone can start a relationship let alone date during the endless social distancing and lockdowns.
Can be the only virgin in your group I'd you dont have a group
> I don't even see how anyone can start a relationship let alone date during the endless social distancing and lockdowns.   This is what fucked me up to. New couples forming, used condoms in parks/alleys, seeing people walking around holding hands etc. All this amidst a socially distanced pandemic. I couldn't get a girlfriend before the lockdowns, how the hell are people still managing during it?
I am also the only one in my social circle that is a virgin 😂😂
I would seek professional help. It sounds as though you are depressed. I can't give you advice on the dating front, I'm in a similar boat as you. And your situation obviously isn't great. I'm so sorry you have to go through this.   But you don't HAVE to be alone. You do seem like you have friends at least. They may have gf's but they should still be available. I know talking to a therapist helps me. I also try to focus on other things that bring me joy, other than women or social things. That helps me get through some tough days sometimes.   That's about the best I can do. Just know you are not alone, we are all going through similar stuff. I'm so sorry about that...nobody deserves to feel this way all the time.
Maybe you can get with a handicapped friend group? That sounds like the most reasonable thing to do, even though it may be really hard, if impossible, depending on where you live
Man I am 5 months away from being a 28 year old virgin. Hope I manage to get lucky in this few months otherwise I am doomed to eternity . /s
Yeah, it's really sucks. My extended family around my age are already engaged or get married. This year, lots of my friends are getting married despite the last time I saw them at last year, they were still single. Looks like I don't have any chance to be successful except in being dead.
that's sort of going in the wrong direction from my desired outcome.  I basically don't have a definitive group per say because that would imply that we all hang out regularly.  I'm talking about my friends that happen to be scattered all over the place
Many people are not following the rules, and are therefore likely to be spreading COVID around.
I'm not sure I have money for therapy as sad as it sounds.  I've been thinking about somehow getting therapy for years.  Right now I work in IT for a university and we do get to use the university's support services like therapists.  The only issue there is believe it or not the person who works there now as a therapist is actually someone who was a student back in the day with me who actually sort of had the hots for me but I blew it by doing nothing so any therapy session there would be next level awkward.  Not to mention we are still somewhat outside friends.
Same an even the people I babysat back in the day as a kid that were 5+ years younger than me are married now.  It dawned on me recently that back in the day about 10 years ago when my cousins started getting married we would always get invitations for my dad +1 and my sister +1 and then just me.  It's like they just knew I would be forever alone.
Yes, but the point is, how are these people getting into relationships, hooking up and all of that when most social events are off, a lot of people are paranoid about COVID, social places are closed and nobody wants to really meet online dating?
> Many people are not following the rules, and are therefore likely to be spreading COVID around.  There is no "the" rules they're purely political and depend on where you live.  As far as medical scientific advice which has nothing to do with politicians, the CDC says if you're alone with no symptoms for two weeks you're clean.  Its not like a STD where you'll have it "forever" if untreated or incurable.  I know a single/lives alone guy from work who claims to go on tinder dates with different girls roughly every third weekend.  Supposedly the girls say they're following the same protocol.  He likes to brag he had better luck before the lockdown but as I recall ... he did not.  Both him and the girls are young enough that the risk of getting hit by lightning is higher than covid death.  Honestly given the actual stats the odds of him getting a STD are a lot higher than covid and that never stopped him before, so ...
I see. I believe there are some areas where you can get free sessions, you should google it and see. There is nothing wrong with reaching out. Otherwise, I don't know if you have ANY health insurance, but a lot of insurances pick up a lot of the tab. It's not super expensive for me, but I might be an outlier.  There is definitely some ethical reasons why a therapist wouldn't want to know you outside of the sessions. I would ask somebody about the University offering to give you sessions from outside, since those support services are usually guaranteed, but ethically she couldn't probably be yours.  I'm just saying this because...I've been in a similar position in my life, and therapy really helped me out of some dark times, and improved my life overall. I am still FA, but I'm not nearly as suicidal.
[removed]
Damn, so sorry to hear that
I can only assume that some people simply don't care and are meeting up for social gatherings anyway. A lot of people are still working and are able to meet potential partners this way - my brother met his girlfriend at work just after the pandemic started, and moved in with her immediately to circumvent the rules about meeting people outside of your household.  People are also still using Tinder and other apps to hookup. I imagine many of them are having sex in cars or in a discrete location outside to avoid being seen by neighbours or other family members, and are just tossing the used condom away.  I mean I have no idea really, but that's my best guess.
how so?  I mean I know there are therapists that just babble on about how does this make you feel and other nonsense like that.
Idk man, I guess some therapists are better than others but from what I can tell they can't really help someone who is FA. They have absolutely no concept of what that's like. And if you have a social deficit like most of us do (i.e. autism) there's really nothing they can do. Maybe at best they can help you accept that this is just the way it is and it's nothing to be sad about but I doubt it.
If a therapist convinces me to accept this situation as it is I will be killing myself the very next day as a result of that acceptance.  I've accepted way too much bullshit in this life and the camel's back is about to break.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/klgg1r/seasons_of_love_525_thousand_600_minutes/
it’s been so hard this year to feel any sense of the spirit of the year or spirit of the season of any holidays sense whatsoever.   It has nothing to do with me or you or anyone as individual just has to do with this being such a  really strange year for the record books.  do you know where and I started to feel the season a little bit?   When I saw that Dunkin’ Donuts had a sugar plum macchiato that I could get with espresso shot, I start thinking that maybe if I drink enough of these days I’ll start seeing sugarplum faeries dancing in my head!!! In the far-off Robatuss Lands west of Tuscany the Sugar Plum trees grow, each tended by a faerie who picks the ripe plum dancing scene 14 of the Nutcracker (it worked!!!! ;-)  https://music.apple.com/us/album/the-nutcracker-complete-ballet-score/269682146  https://open.spotify.com/track/61bXCBwNHGaGi2L1rmfKnm?si=YPMJi0kmTuiQ9tYkbv20Ow  https://open.spotify.com/track/1hxh8wIBsfyXNlzqYvvaVW?si=fiv_4i6wTtOM2eC47fYlFQ  then I start taking Lyfts around the city of Boston and all the trees are wrapped in LED holiday lights all over the city at night.   it’s just so beautiful and even with this horrid horrid horrid horrid pandemic keeping the world under a curfew    we still can start to feel a little bit of Chris Kringle a lot of Kwanzaa, a beautiful solstice a little bit of the eight crazy days for David and a Festivus du Lux just for them you have to really really try this year    we do have the first night coming up and on New Year’s it doesn’t have to be a drunken offense drunken affair!!   I’m definitely just be a day where you can reflect on all the theme song of   RENT::525 Thousand 600 minutes, how do you measure a year::  YouTube:: Seasons of Love RENT 1996 live cast::  https://music.apple.com/us/album/seasons-of-love/80447021?i=80446140  https://open.spotify.com/track/5gw8HNcrqliEw0X6pPrPvG?si=wdMeLmMOTGO5HSMzVmlG-A  https://www.google.com/search?q=seasons%20of%20love  HAMILTON! i am not throwing away my shot:: See the credits!! https://open.spotify.com/track/4cxvludVmQxryrnx1m9FqL?si=M_yFQBVOR3WUBDomFwqaCA&context=spotify%3Atrack%3A5gw8HNcrqliEw0X6pPrPvG  SMASH the musical (credits!) https://open.spotify.com/user/1211864235/playlist/4UJSyVdz9YpAc3EE8Hxk0q?si=pGETs_TYRUGFZJcyyWG7IA
What the hell is this?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkf6x4/depressed_because_im_unwanted_unwanted_because_im/
Fuck I hate this cycle. Was out of it for a bit too, just being mildly depressed from not having anyone to talk to. Then I had to go and get my hopes up that a girl might actually be interested in me, and then crash when she isn't. And I haven't even been rejected, just ignored, as usual. Like I'm not even worth the time it takes to say you're not interested. And that becomes super frustrating because I foolishly have to torture myself by holding onto hope that maybe the silence isn't a "no, leave me alone, creep", maybe it's a super long shot "yes" and I might have a reason to be happy, to feel wanted.
Then some girls would say to love yourself first 😒
They say you have to love yourself first but that only seems to apply to guys. I see plenty of girls who even on their tinder or in person actively hate on themselves and will still find people to be with. Even when I did love myself, nothing changed.
Positive people with an internal locus of control are the way they are because most things in life have gone their way.   People like us know we aren't in control of anything that happens in life because we've desperately tried to improve things in vain. If we could do something we would.
I've never been in this situation but I imagine that the silence the worst since the answer could be anything and it's like a weird gacha that relies on you on imagination.   Then there's the fact that even if you wanted to improve yourself in someway they made this harder by not telling you why they rejected you.
I know I know. I feel like I will never be a good husband even if a woman wants me because I am anxious and depressed. Anxiety and depression aren't maculine traits to have. If a woman have those their SO can tolerate this but women don't like depressed and anxious guys.
Hope ultimately makes it worse. It's upsetting
Bro i also hate it.And i also feel the same.
[Look on.](https://youtu.be/gpqNiVPSun0)
people generally don't tolerate this kind of cycle for long, I know. Even the most motivated person eventually gives up on you, even though you can't do a thing about it
Always a perpetual cycle
[removed]
I’m willing to talk to u
Yeah, it's frustrating
They also say things like oh well sure your a great guy and all I'm sure you'll find a great girl some day.  I've been getting this told to me over and over for the past 15 years.  &#x200B;  I find it pretty hard to love myself first because if I was truly content within myself I would see no need or desire to find a relationship.  Women are supposed to complete us and without them we have a void in our life that over time would cause depression which makes us less desirable which makes us even more depressed.
Yeah it’s just “easy advice”. There’s obviously value in being comfortable with yourself (which leads to better relationships) and it’s something everyone should strive towards, but that by itself doesn’t dictate whether you’ll get into a relationship in the first place or not. It also implies that suicidal and low self esteem people are never in relationships which is obviously not true
There’s nothing to love about me.  I’m a series of below average qualities wrapped into a very below average looking package. No one loves mediocrity.
Because guys are thirsty and give them attention regardless. It's not the girls' faults that tons of single guys get with them despite the girls being messes/giant sentient red flags/etc. People need to stop enabling them, but it's not that simple in practice.
Looks like mother nature doesn't want anxious guys like us to reproduce. I myself agree with her on that one completely cause I can imagine thousand things going wrong with my offspring. Just sticking it in and hoping everything will be ok with the child in this sick world or whatever just seems cruel to me.
Those traits are seen as unattractive in women
Hope is one of those four letters words that is just as bad as a cuss word. It only leads down to the pits of despair and hurt, at least for me.
How?
>It also implies that suicidal and low self esteem people are never in relationships which is obviously not true  Could not agree more, especially with this part.
Yeah you're right tbf. I think it comes down more to how much anxiety I have. Like I'm capable of loving myself but I still suffer from severe anxiety compared to any of my male friends who aren't lonely or virgins like me. Not something I'll be able to overcome soon though so I'll probably end up successfully killing myself by then. I'm not waiting up to a decade or more to even lose my virginity.
Yep it’s just natural selection doing its thing...I don’t want no kids either...not that I could have kids naturally if I wanted to..probably would have to pay a big bag for a carrier mom through a doctor..and i really don’t wanna go through this struggle with for some sorry ass kid because I don’t even like them kids
[removed]
I still don’t think that equates to what defines violence. Some ghost because they are afraid of ACTUAL violence.   When you’re dating some people find it easier to just ghost after one or two dates. What is wrong with that? I’m not sure why you think someone is OWED an explanation. It’s not disposing of someone, that’s what dating is. Dating around until you find someone you click with.   I agree it is better to communicate why you’re no longer interested but sometimes that leads to being insulted. If you get bad vibes from someone you in no way owe them anything.
[removed]
Emotional abuse is categorised by the following behaviours: - Intimidation and threats - Criticism - Undermining - Guilt tripping - Economic abuse - Controlling behavior   If someone tells you that they’re not interested are you the type of person to say ok thanks for letting me know, or fuck you bitch!   I’m the guessing the latter.
I hope you won't get to experience serial ghosting and social rejection in longterm.   >If someone tells you that they’re not interested are you the type of person to say ok thanks for letting me know, or fuck you bitch!   I would say ok thanks to them and fuck you bitch inside. It's her loss in the end from my perspective who cares?   >I’m the guessing the latter.   Why?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkrxf5/should_i_care_about_getting_a_girlfriend/
I'm 24M and I don't know if I really care about it that much right now.   I've never had a gf, I wanted one until a couple of years ago but then just kind of gave up on the idea. Recently it's made me really anxious that I'm falling behind when reading reddit and talking to family/friends.   Like will any girl see me as a possible option if I've never had a girlfriend at say 30?  Although right now I'm really in no position to think about it right now since I went back to university and I'm only in my second year so money isnt great.
Yes, you're are at least at an university, which in my opinion is a great start to finding one. You are basically fucked once you enter the working man's life (like I did, a 24 year old male too).  The only place you can try to find one becomes those shitty dating apps. And I advice not getting to that point,because ain't no luck there.
[deleted]
What I would like to advice is don't find a girlfriend out of desperation. If it is out of desperation, it will fail miserably.  What you need to do, is to be happy about yourself and wait out this Covid and one day or the other a girl find you for who you are :)  Don't worry, I'm still waiting., so you are not alone :)
Honestly, just focus on things you want to do instead. Become what *you* think is attractive not what you think other women find attractive. Due to childhood traumas and other shit, I missed out on dating and sex during my college years. Looking back, I didn't have much to offer once I graduated: I had very little money, was borrowing a car, and was severely overweight. It took me a few years, but I finally have a decent body, job and my own car. Yeah, it sucked being a single virign that entire time, but you know what? I've (and probably you and others in these kind of spaces) have been through a lot of shit, and yet we succeeded in spite of it. The majority of "normal" people don't know what it's like to start from the bottom and work their ass off to get what they typically take for granted. Just keep working on yourself and be the best version of what you want to be.    >Like will any girl see me as a possible option if I've never had a girlfriend at say 30?  If you have plenty to offer, that shouldn't be an issue. True, there's a good chance a woman will reject you over never being in a relationship,  but she (and other like-minded women) are the problem, *not* you. Focus on yourself foremost and just look for a woman who meshes with you as a secondary thing. You're allowed to have standards, just as long as they're realistic.
Get out there and build connections now, before it's too late. At university is a perfect arena for this as you will never in your life be in a environment with this number of eligible and single women again. Trust me, dating at 30 when you're inexperienced is absolute hell. The dating apps are just an additional torment on top.  Build up some resistance to rejection and get used to the social games around dating and romance now. You'll basically be unable to later in.
\+100  With 24 you could be still considered a "very late bloomer", but over 30 it gets really hard to escape. I was in your position, and I honestly regret that I didn't seriously try. And here I am, 46M, not even ugly, good job, own house, but the relationship boat has long sailed away.
Dating apps can be a massive pain as a guy but they can also be a good way to meet someone, as they have been for myself and many other people I know both in real life and on here. I wouldn't get your hopes up about them but also wouldn't rule them out completely. However, if you have any kind of social circle with people your age, that may be a better bet, and hopefully he will find one at university.  I don't know how OP's eventual girlfriend will view his lack of experience, but there will be some women who won't care, or who might wonder why but ultimately won't see it as a big deal
Yeah may as well enjoy it. Idk about the height thing I'm exactly that height and i've had no luck whatsoever
I like this reply. Right now everything sucks and its not your fault. Im gonna sit this one out for a while.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkilw7/serial_masturbation/
Is it normal to jerk off multiple times back to back?  Everytime I finish one, my body wants to another one.
Wish I had that kind of stamina. For me it’s once and then I regret everything about my life and hate myself, until the cycle starts again
I've never done more than twice in a row and even that hurts a bit.
Maybe back when I was a teenager, but now I’m just to tired after
No its not. You are probably addicted. Are you using masterbating to patch up the bad feelings of lonliness?
Although that is not normal because most people have a longer refractory period, a period where they have to rest before getting it up to stroke again, I guarantee you are not doing anything another person wouldn’t do if they figured out they can perpetually stroke to bust. As long as it doesn’t interfere with what you have to do for the day (not like regular procrastination or a period of moping but seeking to nut instead of doing your necessities constantly) then there’s no big problem.
after 3 hours i usually throw up so I stop after one hour normally.
No.   You should consider quitting. You have an addiction.  The first step to recovery is to recognize you have a problem.   Try these: r/nofap, r/semenretention
I think it's normal 5 times in a row sometimes
go to r/nofap
The self hate is real after an orgasm. I don’t know why but I just end up having the worst thoughts sometimes.
Yep this is me.  If I go more than once in a row my body becomes physically exhausted.
same here and then 20 minutes later my body wants it again and the cycle repeats
Cool.
Fr. I thought I was the only one.
It's classified as an addiction once it impacts your ability to interact with the world. Being able to go multiple times in a row is a high libido and stamina, trying to get out of doing things so you can wank is an addiction.
Well, for me, I stop after the 3rd because down there gets numb and I have other stuff to do for the day. Lol.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkfdc9/thankful_for_having_to_wear_a_mask/
As someone who struggles a lot with being physically unattractive, I'm thankful that it was socially acceptable and encouraged for me to wear a mask that covered 50% of my face whenever I had to leave my house. I honestly hope that the concept of wearing a mask doesn't completely die out, and it remains a normal thing to do, even if you just have the flu or something.
Yes exactly. It is great to hide my acnes.
It really is the best
Only in this subreddit could we be happy to wear masks. I'm happy too so I can talk like normal and people dont look at my trash teeth
I hope it doesn't die out too, but for different reasons.. empathy or you know actually being a decent human being.  That said.. people are currently discarding then on the ground, which isn't great.
I'm going to wear a mask for the rest of my life
Lol I felt this.
Yeah but it can cause more acne, no?
It caused some for me, but stays hidden behind it.
It didn't for me.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkjrwi/depress_but_was_seeing_someone_but_think_i_might/
I have been seeing a girl the last couple of months. We did have Christmas plans but she cancelled on me. This makes the fourth time she has cancelled on me in the last three weeks. Sometimes, she does not even message to cancel. I sent her a message, stating maybe I should take a step back because of these instances. When she stand me up, my anxiety and depression go through the roof. I sent this message when they were both peaking. In the past, she has always been pretty understanding of things. But now, I have not heard from her. I am afraid I really might have screwed things up. I really do like the girl and would like to see where it goes. Unfortunately, I have not heard from her since I sent the message. I am trying to come up with a way to make it up or something. I just feel my anxiety is through the roof right now.
>This makes the fourth time she has cancelled on me in the last three weeks  bro
If a girl's into you, they'll make it easy. Sorry dude, wasn't meant to be.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kk2fpz/christmas_is_hell_i_feel_so_fucking_lonely_i/

Thanks champ, you too take care and stay strong, don't let your mood be your mode
It's horrible I haven't felt this distressed in awhile
Stay fucking strong there, bud! This is probably one of the worst times of the year for us but know you're not *truly* alone, we're here with you. Hopefully you'll spend your Christmas doing something enjoyable: I'm busy watching "Christmas" movies and tried to endure a zoom call with some of my family outside in 13 degree weather because my cousin won't let anyone in her house due to COVID. My toes almost froze over so I bailed after 45 minutes and am now in my apartment with the heat on watching Jingle All The Way.
Merry Christmas brother.
Guess I'm one of the luckier ones. We don't have xmas in my culture and I personally never cared for this holiday season, new year shits.   Therefore it doesn't feel any different than other days of the year.
Merry crisis
Merry Christmas, pal. I hope your situation gets better than mine.
I spent the day with my family but I still feel alone.
Christmas is hell for me too while i wasnt alone. I still felt like missing out... I had ppl arround me but without having the ability to socially interact it’s basically useless. Also im feared of those ppl (gave me weird looks smh) and I dont really like them. So just lets stay strong together :)  we will do that   and dont drink too much pls :(
I know I feel same.
Stay strong 💪
https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/028/015/cover3.jpg  stay strong
You don't have to drink alone. Join us next time at [drunk discord](https://discord.gg/xnNNjMpTsF). Right now nothing is going on but evenings are pretty cool.
It wasn't this bad for me this Christmas but I was literally all alone at home the entire evening, till a few friends of mine finally agreed to go out. Even when we did go out they were with their partners, while I was the odd one out in the group. I honestly hate festivals/celebrations at this point.
That's why I rather avoid family gathering. All they ask is why I'm still single or if I'm doing anything to make my life better.
The strong weren't always strong they went through pain just like everyone else and once they ran out of fucks to give they stopped caring and that made them stronger
Christmas sucks for me too. Anniversary of a death of a very close relative, and several other traumatic events, all around Christmas. It's very tough to not fixate on it.   As for the rope... I had an "exit strategy" of my own once. Just knowing I had it available makes life a little bit easier to bear, as twisted as that sounds. I probably won't ever use it.  Here's hoping tomorrow is better. Take care of yourself.
I feels you. Even among close friends I feel alone
I have a rope ready too, I think about it often. I knew the holidays would be bad, I'm lucky I'm pet sitting, it's helped some.
Whole time from past day I’m sleeping or laying on bed and imagining scenarios about how I should off myself I have no idea what’s stopping me!!! But yeah let’s be strong
Christmas is a thing of the past anyways.
I used to be suicidal but now I’m filled with the Holy Spirit. I repented before Jesus and he forgave me and made me a new person. I still get down about being alone sometimes but not even close to before. Suicidal thoughts are gone. It’s a supernatural change. Jesus is ultimately what’s missing in everyone’s lives. Not a woman, not money, not accomplishments, not friends and hobbies. It’s Jesus. Hope you draw near to God brother. Take care and I’m down to talk if you need someone to talk to.
Thanks. I'll try
I'm even with my family (parents), but I'm with them the whole time. Every social interaction at the moment is just a repetition. And it's this typical family talk.        I fucking need someone my age. A real fucking person.    And while I sit here everyone (besides the people in these subs) is so fucking happy.        I fucking can't take this anymore
What the fuck.    Hope you still enjoy the movies :)
If it's a zoom call I don't get why you'd have to be outside lol, just do a group call at your own home
Thanks, bro
For me it's a pretty normal day at the moment and that would be okay, if I wasn't so depressed and lonely in general and if there wasn't the contrast to everyone else
Yeah I feel if you were alone you wouldn't feel so bad because there wouldn't be happy people to compare against
You too
Being the odd one really sucks. We had a christmas video call a few days ago (some loose friends and me). The idea was to built pairs of two who sit together and join the conference. Not only did my partner not want to pair up because of the corona virus, but my crush was also a participant of the conference and sat with a different guy.    So I ended up alone again. Welp. Wayne.
I try to formulate this as politely as possible:    I'm glad for your change and that you found a reason and some kinda save haven.    But please regard: Not everyone does believe in something like this. I've had my time with christianity and it's over. Please respect that and do not try to advertise your believe on posts like this. You do feel like this, and that's cool, but it isn't a solution for everyone.
I’m in the same position right now. I’m with my family but I feel so fucking lonely and unwanted. Plus my parents have been showing signs that they don’t exactly like me. I feel so alone and everyone else is having so much fun.   Right now I fled to my bedroom to be by myself, and nor a single person cares that I’m gone. I’m not suicidal but it’s moments like this where I just want to disappear from everyone. I wish I had alcohol right now...
Most people aren't happy today. After a certain age, this holiday becomes a huge pain. You're not alone. Not by a long shot. I hope that can give some perspective.
For once, I would like to actually enjoy a Christmas with a girlfriend rather than just retreat to my room alone every evening after spending the day with family.
That's what I told her! But nope... she said it had to be outside, even after she complained she couldn't see the laptop screen due to the glare of the sun and her glasses getting fogged up due to her mask. After she complained a third time I even said, "Hey, maybe we should move this inside?" She said "No, it's fine." as she *once again* mentioned she couldn't see anything. Ugh.  Whatever. Go figure; her house, her rules. I wasn't about to argue anymore, I was too f-in cold. lol
I also feel bad because there would probably be someone who literally wants this to happen and would love to just have someone arround (while i asshole complain about that)
I feel you man. Merry Christmas, just hope there's an end to this shitty phase in life.
Sounds like you gave up on Jesus too early. You may be done, but He ain't done with you.
At least you have the perfect COVID Christmas story
there would be so many people in third world countries too who would love to have my living situation
There'll be an end. Somehow at least.  Merry christmas bro
same and yet i do complain like a morron so yeah i feel bad all the time
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkgney/the_infatuation_for_someone_feeling_should_go/
Contemplating, how temporary most relationships are. I can barely recall two long-term spouses being still happy together, not being locked together by marriage, financial issues or something. Maybe I am being pessimistic.  It makes me want to live alone and die alone, sometimes. I get comfort being all by myself, until I find myself daydreaming about some dickhead.   The infatuation for someone feeling should go fuck itself and die. Everyone who I have had feelings for in my life - it always went sour, regardless of whose fault was it.    It does not seem to matter how aware am I of it. I will keep falling into the same shit.
Remember that the "50% of marriages end in divorce" statistic is easy to misinterpret. It is effectively 50% of *marriages* that end in divorce, and that includes people who are getting married more than once. It's very likely that someone who had a divorce before and enters another marriage will see it end in a divorce as well.
Yeah, as far as I know, in my country like 42% of marriages end in divorce and it is quite a low rate in comparison with other countries.   The problem is that we as a species created a very intricate and quite rational system of relations, however, we as individuals remain utterly stupid.   I would love so much to not feel this desire to be with someone too, since most of the times relations fail. But the desire for socializing is inherent and necessary in order to keep the society running. It seems like the only way to solve this problem is some kind of "We"/"Brave New World" utopia/distopia.
I don't wanna be horny anymore...
Interesting to notice that from the majority of the other posts in this subreddit, mine is quite controversial. Hilarious.  Edit: I stand corrected. I think.
Not all unhappy marriages end in divorce.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkcr55/do_any_of_you_have_pictures_of_yourself/
This is my biggest hang up when it comes online dating. I just straight up don’t have photos of myself, neither do my parents. It’s not like I have any friends to take photos of me, also it’s freezing outside so I don’t really know where to go to get a good picture, especially right now doing a pandemic.   I wouldn’t even know how to take a picture of myself even if I tried. Like, which of my features would I want to accentuate? I’m fucking hideous so preferably none. I don’t even like looking at myself in the mirror, when I do I end up walking away feeling even worse about myself.   If I can’t get any pictures of myself, I’ll never join any online dating sites, and I’m all out of irl options. So what? I’m already dead in the water at 22? Why don’t I just shoot myself now and save me the trouble of suffering for 50 more years.
Save yourself the trouble mate and don't do online dating. Average guys do horribly on OLD. Even of you weren't as ugly as you say you are this,  >It’s not like I have any friends  is a mega red flag for girls
I hate takin pictures of myself too. When looking in the mirror I don't think I'm ugly, but then when trying to take a picture I just want to throw my phone away and never look at it again. And it doesn't help when you start looking at the pictures others use and wonder how it's so easy for them to take pictures that make them look good.
I don't have any pictures of myself...
I do, but it's minimal at best.
I only have pictures of myself of when I was a kid. I was a pretty attractive kid and then puberty fucked me over. I don't have any pics or videos of me now.
I don't have a picture of myself too. I don't take selfies and i literally avoid being in group photos.  I don't look at the mirror anymore.....
The easiest option is asking your parents to take a picture of you. You don't need the fanciest portrait, just a normal facial expression, good lighting and a better distance than a cell phone selfie. Then you won't stand out on OLD but everything is better than no picture or a picture where your face is hidden.  I don't want to talk with my parents about OLD and have no friends so I took selfies with camera, tripod and remote control. That's more difficult but you don't have to discuss why you don't like a specific picture or want to try another outfit.
I have pictures of myself because I specifically took them on my own so I could do online dating but no, not until then. Get a tripod and set the timer (or get a remote), don't take arm's length selfies.  Hasn't exactly been worth it, though. I've been busting my ass for 1.5 years at this point and gotten absolutely nothing but many, many wasted hours. Objectively, I don't think there's anything wrong with me; corroborating my personal opinion is most of my photos rate ~6/10 Attractiveness on Photofeeler. I've obviously put a lot of thought and effort into crafting a decent portfolio and bio, so I doubt that's the problem either. Average just isn't good enough for men online, well that and I'm very short + live in a rural area. Big-city dwellers might have better luck.
The only way I could get pictures of myself is by taking selfies and that's frowned upon in online dating.
Pictures or not, online dating seems to be an utter shit-show. And yes, I do lookbooks and self-portrait photography as a hobby, so I have a lot of pictures.
I take progress pics of myself every week since I workout at the gym and want to know how I’m moving along. Other than that, I don’t have any pics of me on my phone unless I’m holding my nephews when they were younger or something.
I don’t like taking pictures of myself anymore, it just makes me feel worse about myself.
I have some which i think might actually be decent for dating sites, but i don't use any dating sites for other reasons.  Apart from that i used to take hundreds and thousands of pictures of myself only to obsess over them, turn myself into a girl via faceapp and delete them all eventually.
I don't have any pics of me. When I look in the mirror I'm not great but not bad. And when I take a picture it's like someone punched my jaw, I'm ugly af.
I have two professionally taken photos that I had to use for IDs and for job applications. I don't think they can be used for dating sites though, even though those are the only photos of me that I actually like.  Otherwise I can't make a photo of myself. I'm probably the most unphotogenic person in existence.
> It’s not like I have any friends    > is a mega red flag for girls  This feels like taking a knife straight into the heart.
>It’s not like I have any friends   >is a mega red flag for girls   How about the other way around? Is having no friends a red flag for guys too?
Same, I don't think I look too bad in the mirror but when I take a selfie I look ugly asf I don't which version of myself to believe
Not saying all guys think the same, but I think you'd have a hard time finding a guy who'd turn down a girl just for having no friends. Certainly not in this community
Not as much  A lonely guy is likely to be alone because he is an idiot,a emotional fuck up or he is just utterly and total inept in matters of social interaction  Understandably no girl wants to be the surrogate mother of a clingy unexperienced loser (people want equal partners in life not a walking trauma that burdens them with issues)  Men have issues getting girls interested  In case of girls this kind of th8ngs are easier to ignore by guys,instead the issue is that guys dont "compromise" to relationships as girls do  So girls gotta be careful of not turning into a "pump and dump" or "eternal girlfriend"  Girls have issues chosing "quality" men for relationships
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkf2nu/i_am_a_rock/
A winter’s day   In a deep and dark December   I am alone   Gazing from my window   To the streets below   On a freshly fallen, silent shroud of snow  I am a rock   I am an island  I’ve built walls   A fortress, steep and mighty   That none may penetrate   I have no need of friendship   Friendship causes pain   It’s laughter and it’s loving I disdain  I am a rock   I am an island  Don’t talk of love   Well, I’ve heard the word before   It’s sleeping in my memory   I won’t disturb the slumber   Of feelings that have died   If I never loved, I never would have cried  I am a rock   I am an island  I have my books   And my poetry to protect me   I am shielded in my armor   Hiding in my room   Safe within my womb   I touch no one and no one touches me  I am a rock   I am an island  And a rock feels no pain   And an island never cries.  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKlSVNxLB-A](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKlSVNxLB-A)
Pretty sure at this point I am worse than a rock. What's that term? "A waste of space" I guess.
pretty sure you are the entire cliff my friend (:
A ROCK YOU SAY?! Hmmm
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkbsdq/why_am_i_feeling_empty_inside/
Hello, I’m a 19 year old student (studying biomedical science) never been in a relationship and have a small amount of friends (2 both online). Of recent I’ve felt almost empty inside, followed by coldness. wanting these empty feelings to be filled with someones love and compassion but I know that it’s not alway realistic, at least for me. My brain tells me to fear relationships and the responsibility’s that come with them, and to focus on my studies and hobbies. We’re as my body is saying that I need someone to fill this lonelyness and to have someone I can care for.  These feelings have been distracting me from what’s important and have left me feeling sad and unmotivated. Is there anyways or tips to stay focused and ignore these empty feelings?
I know exactly how you feel, I could have written this
Embrace it, accept it and ignore it. You don't own this world a damn thing.
You and i are the same.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kk12ny/you_are_in_your_20s_you_have_plenty_of_time_to/
Okay. Maybe next year? Nope. Next year after that? Nope? 5 years? Nope. 10 years? Nothing. Okay, i waited a few years now, what now?
Wasted my teens, wasting my 20's and there's nothing to do. Only see how a life is completely wasted and the only thing left is a scary hollowness. Life isn't worth it without love
*you hit 80 years old still alone.      Normies: just keep waiting, you're still young!
30 and still alone lol
Yeah, I'm 41. Never been in a relationship. Nothing will change just by "waiting". Time by itself isn't come kind of magic sauce.
It's one thing if someone has plenty of chances and just hasn't found the right one. We've never gotten a chance in the first place.
Says people who don't go weeks without being single.
hmmm idk, to me sounds like you haven't lifted enough showers bro...   in all seriousness, there is a point where it's better to just give up, and some of us have reached it... i don't know why some people try to convince us otherwise. is our misery that amusing to them?
Is there a way to stop this madness?
I'm approaching 34 and I *still* get this (or some variation) from people.
As Drake says,  "My mother is 66 and her favourite line to hit me with is  Who the fuck wants to be 70 and alone"  But all seriousness, don't worry, you just gotta be open with it all and I am sure you will find the right guy.
It is not about the "plenty of time to wait", it is that statistically you are likely to succeed and so worrying about it (especially to the point as to affect your day-to-day life) is irrational and misplaced. In fact, the worrying could be a big part that is preventing you from overcoming the problem.  If you are, say 22.  Statistically, about 10 to 12% of same age individuals are also virgins and some smaller number (say half that) possibly are also FA (stats on virginity are easier to come by than stats on FA).  95% of those people will no longer be either of those things by 30 and as such they should stop worrying and do their best to live life, meet people, and let "nature take its course".  This forum, should be about and for the 2% who will or have reached 30 and still will be or are FA.
Sometimes it doesn't work out. People always focus on their teens/20s being the centers of their lives. There is always more to it, although the opportunities are different there are still people to look for later in life. Don't let age be your barrier(unless it's a kid, obviously).
I'm 35 :(
Just a random thought but at least you aren't a woman, right? Imagine being a woman in the same position and losing fertility by the day. By the time she's 35-40 she's pretty much done. Meanwhile you're fertile for much longer
27 and I'll never have someone special again
Dont wait you will be a 27 year old loser who cant even lose weight and is getting wrinkles already
you don't wait for something to happen to you. should I assume the word wait wasn't meant in that way or is this a discussion of how you did nothing to make something more likely to happen and just expected it to anyway. Do you find jobs without applying?
Now you realize that you wasted the prime of your life waiting for a miracle to happen that never came, just like you.  Then, hopefully, you start to focus on your job, hobbies, community work - whatever floats your boat - and start investing your precious time into those things. And things that happen along the way, happen, and those that don't, don't.
Think of it this way, with the way the world is moving forward nobody will be remembered by anyone in a 100 or even 50 years. Even today's celebrities. Life is basically pointless regardless, no matter at what age you're at.
Yeah, and whatever Quarantine does, it certainly doesn't help.
"They say the world was built for two.Only worth living if somebody is loving you".  That phrase from Lana del Rey "Videogames" constantly resonates in my mind
If you are doing what you can then you are not wasting.
Have you tried substituting love for something else?
They would litterly say this even when the the person is obviously old?  What is wrong with normies?
hahahahah nice one! xD
i'm also 41 and never been with someone for more than a few months and i went up to 9 years completely alone, without even casual hookups.  romantic relationships are not for everyone.  they did not make me happier. i was still miserable even when "on paper" everything seemed fine.  my last time was in 2015 while traveling, the girl was 27, super cute and lovely and even tho it was nice for a month, the fact that i'm not into money was a deal breaker.  most of my relationships were like that, mostly good but that one detail that just couldn't be ignored.  people should stop thinking that being in a couple is like the best thing. it's an illusion, just like drugs & dreams...  the best goal to achieve is to find a way to be happy no matter what.  it's a huge goal but also gives you a lifetime of self work to do and the "thrill of the chase".
Let alone years.
I have had 22 year olds say "I know exactly how you feel I have been single for 6 months' yea try 15 years...   I don't think it matters what others say, I mean it will be annoyed and shit but it's ultimately our decision to be forever alone. on the off chance/miracle it would be for someone to ask us out, we can say no...
Having heard it many times myself, all I can say is that it’s not helpful. It never has been helpful.
Drake sucks
Not to rain on your parade with my negativity but how can you be so sure?
"Go out and look for people, what you expect things to happen by themselves?" "Don't go out and look for people because then you're too desperate, love is supposed to happen naturally"
Hey, quit being so reasonable. We're all trying to feel bad over here.
Yes, who knows when this whole covid will end and if we're ever going back to some kind of normality. Maybe public gatherings, parties, bars, etc are things of the past and dating has changed forever and chances of meeting someone are more slim than ever. I'm not saying I had a chance, but I think until things go back to normal I'll get older, a lot of people too, and then it will be too late.
hahah =D
Not really, I believe it's impossible to substitute love. The best you can aim for is find things to distract yourself for a while and keep the pain in the back of your mind but it eventually hits you again. I mean, I do that and I manage to cope during the days but I spend my nights crying.  I guess that the beauty and importance of love. Its unique and nothing can replace it and of you will never experience it, life is worthless
Have you heard what lack of love does to people? There are articles about this.  It makes me upset how people can think like that. It doesn't help.
I try substituting it with alcohol all the time.  Still no dice.
>They would litterly say this even when the the person is obviously old?  Saying they are still young, I dont think so, but something like still having plenty of time is totally possible.
> What is wrong with normies?  Normie advice is always bad.  Ask them about diet advice, exercise advice, financial planning advice, end user level computer advice, politics, how to select a career advice, astrology, car repair or purchase advice, pretty much anything.  The problem with normie conversations is sometimes normies just want to socialize and their talking gets ahead of their thinking.  So the normie wants to send the social message of wanting to talk without having anything intelligent to actually say.
Studies show that it is better to be alone than in a bad relationship, although it is also better to be in a good relationship than to be alone. The problem is that for some people it is very difficult to get into a good relationship.
What do you mean not into money? You don't have a lot of money or something else?
So you had relationships....
decades
They can't
Are you quoting me? Because I didn't say that. Maybe try not using an argument against me that I haven't made so you don't accidentally strawman. It's amazing how things conflict when you hear things from two entirely different people so you place all advice on all people that have ever given advice as a monolith because it's easier than dealing with the person in front of you.  If you ask me why other people might say something similar to that second "quote" I might be able to give some insight even if I disagree with it. Not that I think it's anything more than a contorted version of what others say to fit your own personal narrative of advice-givers.
Sorry, I had my two minutes of enthusiam and getting my shit together. I'll go back to being a nolife in 3.4 seconds.
I totally get your last point, though we wont be much older agewise, because (I hope) quarantine should be necessary more than one more year when vaccines are rolled out. But rather we'll have "moved on" in life. Let me explain. I have just two years left as a university student and social life in my career after graduation is barely even existent. one year doesn't make a big difference in time for me but int terms of opportunities for social experiences and stuff, this one year quarantine may have wiped out up to 15 % of my life long social experiences. It feels a bit weird to me to do "statistics" on this but I think it's the most adequate way to put it in words. It just feels crap to have missed out on so many formative experiences in high school, early university, and now in 2020 that I have realised how lonely I am, I am forbidden to improve my situation.  I am now looking for ways to extend my time left at university, just to enjoy a few more months or even years of enriching student life before I have to offer myself up as a wage slave. I'm not rich and not after money, I just want to finally live a life that makes me happy. I don't 100 percent know if my career choice (surgery) is the correct one for me but at least it's soothing to know there is no punishment of any kind if you look for other options, though my family might be pissed.
I wasn’t aiming to be rude it’s just the method I use. I fill that  hole up with other things, books, tv series, work.
yeah i'm always broke because my life goals have nothing to do with making money and unfortunately all the woman i've ever met had money as main goal and quickly lost interest in a poor man like me.
Right. It really is a statistics/numbers game, and the average guy doesn't have a good chance anymore. Can it happen? Sure. Happened to me once mostly due to complete luck, didn't last. Just wouldn't hold your breath unless you're over 6" fit and rich.
It's all either PUA bullshit or idealized movie style love bullshit in my books
I understand what you mean. I have a hard time conveying plain text so I just go with how I feel.
Well, sometimes you gotta come out your comfort zone then
Sure. If you continue strawmanning me here. Real easy to dismiss me when you pretend my argument, which I haven't actually made, is something entirely different. Gotta make it easy on yourself so you can keep up the narrative. Its too much work to engage with real ideas anyway.
My point is, if you're an average dude like me "coming out of your comfort zone" isn't very beneficial when the overwhelming majority of women would reject people like me.
Must be fun to argue with lonely virgins on the internet
That's where you need to man up and fuck what they think ffs. I know bare people like that I am like that too but where you gonna get if you don't come out of your comfort zone and start to not care about what people think. That's your confidence in yourself and it is low I mean that with offence because you need to do something to come out of it.  So what if you get rejected?? Who cares man wait a couple months or when you're ready and then go again don't let that shit get to you man
I didn't make an argument here. You decided you wanted to argue against something else and used me as a stand in. Now you're hiding behind that statement because you did it badly and got called out on it. I never once degraded you or anyone else here for being lonely or virgin. So you're not going to guilt me. The most this will do is act as theater for people that don't actually understand how argumentation works and just want to see effectively the equivalent to "owning the libs" because this has as much depth and efficacy as a far right troll doing that and using perceived normies as "the libs". Feel good about that?
Honestly yeah only cuz I wasted a few minutes of your time.
I mean, I never consider it a waste of time to call out fallacies or correct misunderstandings. I wouldn't have responded if I considered it a waste. Even if I'm responding only for a dissenting opinion to be available for others to read and not to make an attempt at changing your mind, which I really haven't tried to do here at all because you haven't been willing to actually talk to me and preferred your facsimile of a "normie" to otherize and be angry at.
Oh I do not dare challenge your obviously massive intelligence, mind of the century that is you in a battle of wits because I will for sure lose.
I never said I was smart. Im not. I never said you were dumb or even implied it. I know words and fallacies and try to use them honestly. Thats about it. that doesn't make me smart. Youre just either just bad at argumentation or a liar in this moment. So thats a cute attempt to undermine me. But it goes nowhere.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkagzp/im_not_ugly_so_why_does_no_one_want_me/
People tell me this. I say thank you. Sometimes I genuinely believe it. And then I check Tinder, where I've been active for months and have 6 likes, with matches that don't respond to me. And then I check Bumble, where I have 2 likes, and if I ever find them, they'll never message me, just like all the others. And then I check Hinge, where no one likes me at all. At least there I have one (1) short conversation before they stop talking to me usually. And don't even get me started on all the other apps I've tried and deleted over the years. Coffee meets Bagel, Badoo, OkCupid, Hily, Happn, Clover, none of them fucking work.   The one compliment I get is that I'm a genuinely nice person. Like I'm sweet, caring, a good friend, all that bullshit  So if I'm "nice" and I'm "not ugly," what is wrong with me? Why doesn't anyone love me? Why doesn't anyone even give me a chance?
Maybe because as far women are concerned, you're too lame for them.   Not saying you're actually lame, but standards are rapidly becoming absurd.
"Not ugly" isn't enough anymore
because those are the bare minimum to be tolerable. you dont get a medal for achieving the bare minimum
Is there anything special on your dating profiles?  Furthermore, that is simply one outlet in meeting someone. If you're average, it would be smart to optimize your chances by being as social as possible. That includes both online and in person. Keep in mind that for dating apps, your looks are much more important so if youre simply average, you are compete within countless other average guys. Not to mention the gender imbalance.   In person tends to be a lot easier to stand apart. If you have many friends, they can lead you to making more friends and potentially meet someone through mutual friends. None of this is guaranteed but it can increase your chances.  > The one compliment I get is that I'm a genuinely nice person. Like I'm sweet, caring, a good friend, all that bullshit So if I'm "nice" and I'm "not ugly," what is wrong with me? Why doesn't anyone love me? Why doesn't anyone even give me a chance?   Perhaps I'm confused but isn't this the bare minimum that most people want in a partner? Someone that understands them and is kind. What are your passions, hobbies, drive, achievements and social circle that make you unique as a person?
Dating apps have harmed my mental health greatly
[removed]
Guys need to realize these days that women can have anyone they want. There are people that are single by choice, mostly women if they’re single, and those that are single because no woman wants to be with them, mostly guys. It sucks for sure, but the best thing you can do for yourself is not think about it and focus on you. Me personally, I started hitting the gym, focusing on college and work and getting my house setup with smart things the way I want it. I’m 25 and basically gave up already on finding a long-term partner. No woman looks at me, so I’m just going to do my own thing and spend my money on things that I like.
[removed]
Probably because looks aren't everything?
Me: "Who in their right mind would install tinder? "   <a few moments later>   Me: Installs Tinder   <gets depressed with no matches>   Me: Uninstalls Tinder...    The cycle repeats.
Dating apps are spotty and I wouldn’t use them to actually form a meaningful relationship. As a woman, I can say that most women are going off looks alone when they themselves are on dating apps. Men are also really superficial as well.   Don’t beat yourself up though. No one is born ugly, we just live in a judgmental world.
How is someone supposed to know anything more about you if they don't give you a chance? We can't all just go up a bunch of points on the 0-10 scale.
See my other comment for those items. But yeah sure that is the bare minimum. But the minimum plus all those other things isn't enough. I don't know man. Like the only thing it could be at this point is my weight. I'm 5'9" 180lbs, so I could stand to lose another 20 or so. I just really didn't think people were so shallow. But I think I've been sufficiently proven wrong  Edit: Also pandemic + social anxiety = not a lot of social situations. And yes I'm going to therapy for the anxiety because it's definitely part of the problem
I have never used Tinder, but my experience with other apps has been that some users aren’t located where they say they’re located. Awhile ago I talked to someone who supposedly lived in Vancouver, but in reality she actually lives in the Philippines and wants to come to Canada in the future. So there’s that category as well, though I’m not sure if it’s of any material significance.
>Now men vastly outnumber women on tinder already.  There is an imbalance but the ratio is not that skewed. Average women get matches much more faster in much higher quantities so they don't have to spend so much time finding dates as average men so in the end most of the active user base still looking for matches and dates consists of unsuccessful men. The analogy could be a job market - most of the people that send resumes are those who have trouble finding work because quality people don't really spend much time between jobs.
I guess I’m no longer a woman then lol
I'll be honest this is something I started to follow :) Somehow this feels good :)
How is "average" not enough for even the average girl? Like I'm not expecting fucking Ariana Grande to show up and suck my dick or anything. I just want someone I can vibe with y'know? It's unfair
What else is there? 😅   Let's do a small check list without including looks-  1. Education  2. Job  3. Self sufficient to live  4. A place to live that's not shitty  5. Hobbies  6. Taste in Music and Food  7. City! (Ah shit for me it's Paris, that's bad.)  8. Respects boundaries  9. Good sense of Humor  ... anything I missed?  I assure you most guys in this subreddit would have at least 7 off these 9 listed things. And yet here we are :)
they will give you a chance regardless of your looks. you just need to actually take that opportunity and do something with it. you have to have more upside than just 'not ugly'   style, charm, personality, humour.... something. you actually dont even need to be 'nice' or very attractive if you have the other elements
How many ladies have you asked out? Do you have a robust social circle? Are dating apps your only interaction with women?  That will give a better insight. I don't think theres anything wrong with being average, think about it. Based on statistics, wouldn't it make sense that most people in relationships are normal? I think you're being a bit hasty on assuming that its the world wanting too much when there might be more to your situation.
There’s actually a simple explanation for that. It’s possible she was visiting Canada and left her location as Vancouver.
[removed]
I’m not sure I’m following the point you’re trying to make.
Everyone I match with ignoring my messages =/= giving me a chance
My social circle is small unfortunately. I want to work on that more but there's some mitigating circumstances in the realm of major world events
This is something that you want to be careful with. Seeing as how most women are dating average guys. You're free to point to the evidence that women are only dating the top guys.
That looks are, most of the time, everything.
OLD, especially Tinder, is not for average looking people. Go out and meet people in the real world, or use a less superficial site
Of course, covid is a pain to put it lightly. What baout talking to women/asking out for dates. Has tinder been your only way to do that?
[removed]
Based on what? You're anecdotal perception of dating?
[deleted]
>OLD, especially Tinder, is not for average looking people.  Have you even tried using OLD? It's full of average looking people that have no problem finding some matches and occasionally having a real date. It's mostly men that are near bottom in terms of appearance that don't have any matches.
I mean mostly. My classes were online and now my work is going to be online as well. I asked out my best friend and she said she only saw me as a friend, which I'm okay with. But beyond that it's not like I'm meeting women on the daily
If I can use personal experiences, I can say without a doubt that its false. Most people I see in relationships are average, not women going after way more attractive guys. Online dating is one aspect of dating, doesnt mean that its the only one nor does it mean that you can make assumptions about an entire gender. Do you see the problem with that?
Tell me your story of how it worked out?
'they' are not tinder hoes. 'they' are real women in the real world. know your audience. Tinder is for finding hot people to hook up with, not for finding average looking dudes to get to know better
Yeah that's what I figured, and thats where the issue is for some. If you're average, you still need to have something that makes you special and do all you can to improve your chances.  The only ones that can really just go on an app and have no trouble are the most attractive of people. I would recommend talking to some of your friends on their experiences and see.
[removed]
Well, I'm not ugly but certainly no where near hot - I do just fine though because I'm an artist / photographer / creative etc - it more than makes up for my looks deficit because... again... looks aren't *everything*  Looks help with grabbing attention, but it's other stuff that keep it.
Yes, so if 40% of couples meet online...do you truly believe that all of them are women getting with much more attractive guys?  Keep in mind that statistic is based on internet interactions as a whole. Its not just dating apps. No doubt that they make up a proportion but you shouldnt be entirely focused on tinder and bumble.
True, but it's always the grabbing attention part the hardest   >Looks help with grabbing attention, but it's other stuff that keep it.
[removed]
Okay, I never claimed it wasn't - I'm only stating that, in response to OP, looks are not *EVERYTHING*.   So, again, we're back at square one here - I'm not sure what the point is that you're trying to make.
And you believe those 90% of couples involve a way more attractive guy and thus average guys have no chance?
Hey :)  We are not at square one. Looks aren't everything. They just make life easier for those who have it, to start of and harder for those who are average for the opening.  I agree it's not everything, but it's just important to get a starting point.
[removed]
I'd recommend taking a look at this. Sadly tinder doesn't publish their information but okcupid did:https://www.gwern.net/docs/psychology/okcupid/yourlooksandyourinbox.html
[removed]
"On the other hand, when it comes to actual messaging, women shift their expectations only just slightly ahead of the curve, which is a healthier pattern than guys’ pursuing the all-but-unattainable."  lol, do you always ignore the part that doesnt work with your narrative?  Don't forget this one: "Site-wide, two-thirds of male messages go to the best-looking third of women. So basically, guys are fighting each other 2-for-1 for the absolute best-rated females, while plenty of potentially charming, even cute, girls go unwritten."  So your previous claim would have had a little more merit if you admitted that men are guilty of the exact same thing but again, that doesn't fit your narrative so you failed to mention that part.
[removed]
Do you have a citation for the 20%? I hear that parroted by incels but they also fail to provide any actual citation. You can't just come up with a number and provide nothing to back it up. Meanwhile you're quick to doubt the actual statistics that I've provided. So far its looking like opinion versus actual data.
[removed]
You do understand that rating someone is one aspect right? Messaging is what actually leads to a date. You seem to be getting the information mixed up. Men rate most women as average but when it comes to actually sending messages, they focus on the top 2/3rd. For women, they message a more diverse range of guys. Rating and swipes are likely what you are getting confused with, that isn't the same thing in this case.
[removed]
Can you explain this part then? It very clearly explains that women do message more than the top 20%  "On the other hand, when it comes to actual messaging, women shift their expectations only just slightly ahead of the curve, which is a healthier pattern than guys’ pursuing the all-but-unattainable."  If your statement is correct, this would say that women do not shift their expectations and stick to messaging the same 20% but it suggests that regardless of prior ratings, many still message guys below that. Which is creating a hole in your theory if women ONLY swiped for the top 20%. I recommend rereading it again.
Stop, this is some incel BS. Rule 4 and 3. The person you're talking to already disputed the so called 80/20 rule.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kk2jl5/so_today_is_my_22th_birthday_and_no_one/
Same story as all years, but this time it really hurts since i tought i made actual friends just for once, one of them literally was talking to me about it a few days back, but in the end she forgot about it like everybody else, i just want this damn day to be over and fake that i'm happy.  &#x200B;  Edit: Didn't expect this attention, thank you legends!
Happy birthday !  Love yourself,  focus on yourself,  try to do things that you like, that's all it matters at this moment,  fuck everything else. Dm me to cheer you up with some memes mate!
happy birthday
Happy birthday!
Happy birthday!
Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday!!
happy birthday my dude!
I'm at 27 I dont care if people remember  it. I actually rather people forget it because its only going downhill from here
Happy Birthday!!! x
Thank you, i'll try to keep that pace up, just was really down yesterday.
Thanks, don't know what to say to you all.
Thank you
Thank you very much
Thanksss
Thank youu
Thanks yall very much
It actually made me feel like that since it's also christmas, but i hope i get that skill of fucks given one day.
Thankss
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kk6mxu/christmas/
Yep. Another one all alone.
I get where you’re coming from yet another one alone for me to three Christmases in a roll alone now. And then I get to return to work tomorrow day after Christmas and see all the little happy couples walking in and out of where I work with their hands held together giggling and kissing and making out and enduring their relationships and flaunt it in front of me yet I think that I’ve been alone again I don’t know what to do anymore with this world honestly I wish I could just die in my sleep so I don’t have to endure this pain no more of the lonely boring dad in life that I live because without somebody in my life or even having a friend in my life life is pretty on interesting and the same thing every day just makes you just wanna die die slowly inside more every day
Same.  Christmas was all downhill since 2003.  My mom died in 2002 so Christmas 2002 was the last real christmas with a tree and everything.  My dad did make sure it was a great christmas that year to take our minds off of everything but then 2003 and onward we never even put up a tree.  You could basically say the glue that held our family together just dissolved.   I haven't legit bought anyone a gift since about 2003 either.  Me my dad and sister would just go out shopping the day after christmas and buy each other stuff.  That was still fun but it really wasn't christmas.  I am now the only surviving member of my immediate family so yep christmas dissolved into nothing and I am all alone as well.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjx1jh/i_got_achievement_today/
I told my crush I love her. It's first time I tell that kind of feeling to anyone, but I did it today. I used to kill my thoughts about love, hide it with smiling face  until my crush is gone somewhere.  But today, I told her. It may be sudden attack for her, but she attacked me first by kindfull act for me, touching me, or even she said"I like your personality very much"when we are in small room, standing close together and there was no one around. I misunderstood those small things, growing creepy feeling of love, couldn't control by myself, and today I told her I love her.  I may never forgot her creeped out face, and kindfull word"You will find the best girl for you someday", but I did something I never done in my life today. I achieved something I never done before!  Now kill me please, I knew I shouldn't fall in love to someone but I can't stop it, and I will repeat "mistakes" many times, pure pain. I'm ugly and boring biowaste...ah.  Sorry I need to vent it here, I don't have friends to talk to.
The fact that you have the courage to do something like that is no small thing. And you recognize you came on a bit strong. Adjust a little each time with what you learned and there's hope for you yet.  Also, getting the polite turn down does fkn suck, but even true normies have to deal with that. Don't be too hard on yourself. Good luck bud.
Congrats! At least that means you have a decent personality that's likable, while some people, myself included, may not be able to say the same.
Congrats on doing something new! Wouldn't say I love you though sounds a bit too much
Not a mistake, but for the next girl, dont say love. Just ask if you’d like to go on a date sometime. I know the feeling you’re talking about. And remember not to talk too much or too little and always try to get her to talk.
I can imagine exactly how you feel. I told mine 3 months back. What hurts more than being rejected is how they try to cover their absence of love for us through phrases like 'you'll find someone better', 'I'm not looking to date (even though we met on a dating site 🙂) and then acting like a stranger as to who hurt us. But it's an achievement after all. Even though I wanted to die, it was still something I had never pulled off before.  Cheers mate, to the love we will one day find.
What do you Lena by creeped out face?
Props for being forward to her. It can be a bit awkward but all the respect to you. At least she was kind about it and it seems like she really respects you as a person. No need to beat yourself up about an unreciprocated crush.
> I misunderstood those small things, growing creepy feeling of love, couldn't control by myself, and today I told her I love her.  Yeah been there, done that, was not fun.  Note: You love how you imagine her to be, not how she is.  Very likely you would be in for a big surprise if you actually got to know her IRL as opposed to in imagination.  Talk to your local normies about surprising discoveries after starting to date someone.  > kindfull act for me, touching me, or even she said"I like your personality very much"when we are in small room, standing close together and there was no one around  People often front quite a bit nicer than they actually are.  We all do it, at least some.  She's almost certainly both no axe murderer AND she's not as awesome IRL as she is in her carefully practiced first impression or in your imagination.  Real people are not perfect.  Maybe if she was perfect, she'd like you, pity she's mostly good at first impressions and politeness and is merely human WRT perfection.  Oh well.  Three billion other women to give a try.  There was a classic Star Trek TNG episode from decades ago about a dude falling in love with a perfect computer hologram and being extremely disillusioned upon meeting the actual human the hologram was based upon.  That was back when media didn't suck as much as it does now, you'd never see something that realistic on TV now a days.  As a kid it seemed it was supposed to be an analogy for disillusionment at meeting TV stars or sportsball heros, although post-puberty it really hit me as a commentary on computer dating.  > I will repeat "mistakes" many times  Can be a good learning experience if you're willing to learn.  Imaginary way of getting apple pie is you show up at the restaurant and here's a cooked apple pie ready to eat delicious and it all abstractly imaginatively appeared or something.  Real way of getting apple pie is many hours of orchard and garden work followed by many hours in kitchen and the delicious pie is almost afterthought of the long complicated process.  In other words invest a zillion hours in dating the chick before falling in love with the real her, next time.  Best of luck with the Holidays to you.
:(
Never tell people your true feelings they will use them against you
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kk1bak/i_moved_out_from_grandparents_home_yesterday/
Now I'm going to continue being a forever alone in another place
Merry Christmas, hope that goes well for you
Good luck. I wish I could move out of my parents house but I know I’ll be lonely wherever I go
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjqk7e/how_fucking_cruel_is_it_to_be_put_on_this_earth/
I firmly believe that this is the end-level torture. Physical pain is one thing, but this is just so wretched, so sadistic that i'm out of words.  It's like being born addicted to a drug that doesnt even exist, at least for you or being born with a painful disease with no cure.  And for all the guys who's life purpose it is to go around and call people in subs like that assholes, incels or whatever the fuck, i'm not even speaking about sex.  Like I don't even care about sex, whatever if I had someone to cuddle, someone to talk and to not be alone anymore with. Thats the real deep desire every human has.
Death is the only release, yet people not in our position who don’t even slightly understand how hopeless it all is, simply give “advice” as if you’ll magically be cured.
Oh no. The drug *definitely* exists. That's why it's so painful. You watch everyone else doing lines of love (that wording is actually kinda funny to me lmao) while you live a lackluster, boring existence that you definitely didn't choose. The worst part is everyone else thinks getting their fix is so fucking easy that they genuinely think they're helping you when they tell you the same "just be yourself," "your time will come," "fake it 'til you make it," "just be confident," etc etc aka the same anecdotal bullshit 24/7.
Death is the only salvation . We shouldn't be scared of it or run away . We should embrace it and greet it as a friend because it's the only thing which will free us from this hell called life
Cuddling is the first part of a longer process that ends in sex.  Or, if you prefer, sex is the last part in a longer process that starts with cuddling.  You can't hold a cute girl with soft skin in bed and not pop a boner. Then, your dick needs to get off, or else it hurts and starts a new kind of torture if left untouched.  There is no need to pretend or try to justify to yourself or normies that "it's not about sex."  We need affection, which includes psychological bonding, physical touch, and sexual orgasmic relief.  All are related to oxytocin in the brain chemistry, and, without sufficient amounts of it, a man will necessarily be unhappy.
All of mankind is born into the world craving meaning first and foremost, above all else, but life, and indeed the universe are ultimately meaningless.  It's a sick joke told to everyone by nobody.
It's like being afflicted with hunger and starvation, but the starvation never kills you.
Goal is to be without desire. Desires have beginning and ends. Always reverts back to nothing. By freeing yourself of that you become more in tune/grateful. No more clinging and death can be more readily accepted.
I can kinda relate, i see my friend succeed in life, getting jobs, married etc. Even tho I'm studying i feel like I'm going nowhere.
Desires?  Mane I've buried them deep inside me. It hurts but atleast I won't hear someone again telling me how I don't deserve/qualified to be loved, to be with anyone or get married and have a family of my own.   Always wanted to be a father. I don't know why, but I wanted to be a father. I was told that I don't even qualify for that.  I've lost all hope, I don't dream anymore. I used to dream, used to imagine myself in love, with someone who wants me. I used to close my eyes and dream of a family, a kid of my own.   Now I don't even do that.
I had no connection a physical cuddle or hug or touch in this decade. When I feel alone or lack of love or irritation. It sounds stupid while writing this, but I will go ahead and say it anyway, I just do this folded hand 🙏  pose for at least 15 minutes, where i make sure the hands skin touch each other by applying slight pressure and this extreme loneliness fades away!
What desires are you speaking of then?
At least there many poisons we can use to numb the pain.
You are right.. Human contact is crucial to survival. But it isnt a forbidden drug. What forbids us is our own inner turmoil, like a demon always whispering "no dont go out you know you love being alone".   One of the keys to love and happiness is not to search for it to make yourself feel wanted, but its giving yourself love and compassion. You have to give yourself a break, and let only you be the judge of who you are. Do this and love will come when its meant to. And thats when it will be perfect.
[deleted]
i agree, it's extreme torture when we don't have meaningful contact with other humans for a long time  i think the word that describes what we need the most is CONNECTION  when breathing, we connect with the air, or life giving Prana  when eating/drinking, we connect with the Earth  when browsing the Internet, we connect to other people's thru their creations  when we touch an object, we connect with the material side of the world  when we think about our ancestors, we connect with them spiritually  i don't know if this helps understand but to know that everyone and everything need a connection in some way so for us forever alone-ers, our goal is to find someone who is also starved of connection. but we already know that, it just sux so much how hard it is to find.
Cuddling isn't a basic human requirement. But yes, humans are social animals. Fortunately, there's plenty of people to converse and interact with out there.
Last night I was in so much pain, it was hurting so much and I felt so helpless that all I wanted was to die. I tried and failed before. But still, if there was a viable option last night - I'd have tried to end it again.  I wish I had a gun, it's so easy and maybe painless with a gun.
[deleted]
"everyone else doing lines of love"  i must admit, great r/newsentence !
"everyone doing lines of love" has to be one of the best phrases I ever read lol
True. It seems bonkers to me that you are supposed to be happy by consuming artificial useless products but be fine without getting basic natural needs met that any animal has.
[removed]
r/nofap and r/semenretention are good places to start.   I've always told myself if I'm still a single kissless virgin by the time I turn 26, I would do my utmost to burry my sex drive and attempt sublimate it entirely, as well as doing my utmost to reduce my exposure to attractive women — whether on the internet or IRL, to the bare minimum.
Thanks I’m cured!  Never heard such wisdom before, you should get in the self help book game /s
Not everyone is accepted. Why don’t you learn to be more caring of others before voicing an opinion to put down people for not having privileges, such as having someone who cares for them, that you do?
Ok genius we get it
Actually, "touch starvation" is scientifically proven to be a thing and it is known to significantly reduce life expectancy.  It kills you slowly, basically.
Spoken like a guy who's not forever alone. If you want to see how essential romantic touch is to human well being, either (1) go a lifetime without touch or (2) read any of the several psychology books that delve into why it's so important, anything from "A General Theory of Love" to "The Body Keeps The Score".
You don’t need sleep either, but try going without it for a few weeks
Maybe try living it out till you die old? I will. And I think I have reached many points below you. Hell, at this point my life is unbelievably fucked up.
[deleted]
I know what the rest of my life will be: pain and suffering.  I know what my life could’ve been compared to how it turned out as.  If you think I have any chance in hell of fixing myself and setting myself up for a more normal life within 2 years time (any longer than that and then the regret will just completely take me over) then you’re deluded.  I’m hopeless, useless, worthless, and the sheer amount of effort I’ll need to put in just to leave the house consistently just isn’t worth it.  So yea, deaths the only way out for me.
Hey /u/GenderNeutralBot  I want to let you know that you are being very obnoxious and everyone is annoyed by your presence.  ^(I am a bot. Downvotes won't remove this comment. If you want more information on gender-neutral language, just know that nobody associates the "corrected" language with sexism.)  _^(People who get offended by the pettiest things will only alienate themselves.)_
I'm 41. Have never dated or had sex. When I was in my early 20s I also used to think that was the answer, just to turn off my sex drive. But that mentality faded as I got older. I think I found it easier to fill gaps in my life in other ways than to pretend I could actually turn off my sexuality.
[deleted]
What did they said?
... you do need sleep. It’s essential for human function.
It was a metaphor, figure of speech. I'm in no position to obtain a gun for myself, actually I'm not in a country that allows gun ownership just cause someone wants to.   Sorry dude, my bad. Guess I'll have to figure out something else to end my lifelong fight with depression. Atleast I'll know that I won't be the one to ruin gun ownership for you or anyone else.
You can fuck off with your gun ownership.
[deleted]
I'd rather rope than live tormented by urges that will never be satisfied and needs that will never be fulfilled. If these cannot be pushed down into the subconscious and cannot be sublimated, roping is the only option left.
They weren’t asking for advice in the first place.  Did you even understand what it was you were replying to?
Basically said that there was something wrong with Forever Alone people and it’s their fault they’re forever alone, refusing to acknowledge not everyone is automatically accepted by society.
Just ignore the fucking idiot above.
[removed]
I feel that man
[deleted]
What will your wish do? What you've gained is some satisfaction over someone's sorrow. You know that.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjv3t3/so_all_those_ads_about_spending_christmas_with/
It sucks.
Ah the lonely zone, tis' a comfortable place once you get used to it
Must be nice to be a normal human being
Good thing I use adblock on everything lel
It never was to begin with.
I know<3
What if I never get used to it? Not sure how much longer I can take it tbh
I actually felt good in a weird way after reading your comment. Thank you.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjxnsc/some_statistics_on_my_dating_app_experience/
When I started to use Tinder in 2015, I could not believe I was getting almost no matches, despite my best efforts. In the first few months, I almost started to believe I was the victim of a technical glitch with my profile. I later learned getting almost no matches is a normal experience for most males.  If I did get matches, the women I chatted with seemed initially not very interested and would often stop answering or unmatch me after a few short responses. I got into the habit of sending a friendly message that showed I had read their profile and if they answered an invitation to a date in the second or third message. I occasionally did get dates that way, but it was a lot of effort.  In 2018, I started to keep a log of my dating app activity: I recorded all the times I swiped right, sent a message, and my corresponding success rates. This helped me get a clearer picture of what was happening. Looking at the data was also helpful with coping.  Here is a summary:  **2018: Tinder**   Used the app for 8 months.   Swiped right on the profiles of 2.500 women that seemed interesting.   Got 48 matches and messaged every single one.   1 woman agreed on date.   There wasn't enough chemistry and we did not set up a second date.  **2019: Bumble**   Used the app for 3 months.   Swiped right on the profiles 1.000 women that seemed interesting.   2 women started a chat with me.   0 of these wanted to date me.  **2019: OkCupid**   Used the app for 3 months.   Swiped right on the profiles of 1.000 women that seemed interesting.   Got 7 matches and messaged every single one.   3 responded.   0 of these wanted to date me.  **2020: OkCupid**   Used the app for 11 months.   Sent 365 women with interesting profiles an individually crafted intro.   35 replied.   5 agreed on a date.   Of these 2 I did not want to date again, 1 did not want a second date, 1 did not want to have a third date, and 1 did not want to have a fourth date.  I felt a great sense of relief after sending the last of those 365 intros on OkCupid in November 2020. I had given it my best shot and even got a few dates. Rejection does not faze me anymore.  For the time being, I will not use dating apps anymore. They don't work for me. I invested a lot of time, but I feel I have done enough. This is a liberating feeling. Now I rather want to go out, do whatever I am interested in and meet people that way.  I can see myself giving dating apps another shot after I moved to another country. For someone with my face and body type, chances might be higher somewhere else. Depending on how the pandemic develops, I might have a shot at relocating. This is something I am currently preparing for.
Impressive. You tried your best man, you can indeed rest easy now.
I remember seeing a video about general statistics of dating apps , and the conclusion is that dating apps are almost useless for men, and in some cases they might just cause depression or make it worse. Of course it's the opposite for women (except the problem of having to deal with some perverts).
Honestly this is common for like 80% of men on online dating. Unless you are particularly sexy, like top 20% or something, you aren't going to get messages because there are a million better looking men available in a few swipes. Harsh but true.
All I need to know is that even some legitimately attractive people I know struggle on the dating apps. For people like us they’re a total waste of time.
Same here.
Odds are stacked against us in online dating as standards are skyrocketing to absurd levels.  It's over boyos. There is no hope.
Very impressive. And I thought I had it bad with my 100 matches in a year.
I used Tinder for 5 years, had one picture, no description and got up to 30 matches and 2 dates that led nowhere!   If you don't think this shit ain't rigged and pointless, may fucking God help your soul.
The OkCupid stats are interesting, at least you got on some dates. I’ve never gotten past one date there, though I haven’t used that particular app in awhile. Their user base in Canada is very small compared to the US; even compared to larger cities like Toronto or Vancouver, the number of users in neighbouring US states can be much higher. Last I checked there were very few users I matched with in Vancouver but there were users in nearby US towns like Bellingham and Sedro-Woolly.
> I invested a lot of time  Looks like a second job.  Which brings up the interesting point that every hour you spend doing X is an hour spent not doing everything else.  On the other hand maybe it was done during downtime.  I mostly reddit when I'd be staring off into space while standing in line or similar.
I am perfectly nice looking, other than being only 5'8", and bald. I have been bald since 27, mind you. Women want, and get a man who is model looks, over 6 ft, and a full head of hair. If a man doesn't  meet this criteria,  all bets are off.
Doesn't the majority of couples meet on dating apps nowadays? It must be useful for some contingent of men.
Here is the answer guys:  According to the Pew Research Center, first the problem of harassment: The Pew Research Center found that “particularly younger women — report being harassed or sent explicit messages on these platforms.”   The same study says that 12% of people using online dating apps formed a meaningful relationship ( or even got married).   Okay just to be clear for every 10 dates 1 might work out, or more realistically, every 100 dates 10 might work out.(now it's 12% but it was 3% reported in 2013 )[sauce](https://medium.com/be-unique/dating-apps-are-the-devil-21602fef2724)  The problem here is that we are talking about getting a date , the thing is you need a lot of trying/likes to just get a match and a lot of matches to get a real date (this is without taking in consideration spams, aka influencers -like Instagram models- that use algorithms to make matches just to gain followers). So shit is actually more fucked up.
100% true
The sad thing is: getting no matches is far better than getting matches, having dates and then be dumped and heartbroken over and over again. For context, the last girl I dated many guys before me, and apparantly non of them were to her satisfaction. She even made fun of one guy that wrote her a love letter, in front of me. Unsurprisingly this girl dumped me as well after 6 dates. Never heard from her again.
This is 100% true. I am legitimately "very goodlooking". However, I am "only" 5'8" and went bald at 27. I have a nice body, keep in shape, still nothing. I swear, if I had a full head of hair, and were atleast 6 ft tall, that would solve  80% of my problems. A guy just can't  be goodlooking. An average looks guy who is tall with all his hair, gets FAR more women online than me, guaranteed.I am holding out for hope since I'm  now vegan, and straight vegan guys are supposed to be a hot ticket item to vegan women.
I am perfectly nice looking, but I'm  5'8" and bald since 27. Women want model looks, over 6 ft., and full headof hair. All bets are off game over, otherwise.
Yes ma dude
Personally, I took a look at the statistics and I found out it's generally useless,  so I didn't even bother to try.
SOME men. SOME men. Most men lose and lose big. It's  all about appearance with women. There are LOTS of guys who think I'm very attractive, but I love women.
Online dating includes a lot not especially dating apps. I explained it in the other comment.
Seems like [4 out of 10 meet online](https://www.statista.com/chart/20822/way-of-meeting-partner-heterosexual-us-couples/). Not to sure about the stats as they are from 2017 but [here's another link](https://www.pnas.org/content/116/36/17753/tab-figures-data) to the study I think.  I've heard people say online dating can be useful as a complementary if you have no issues finding people irl, but I am unable to find a source on that.
I'm  more than cute. But if a guy is under 6 ft and bald, game over, no matter how good my personality is, or how much money I have. Women know that their parts are made of solid gold, and use sex to get EXACTLY the man that they want as far as LOOKS. Women ARE inherently far more judgemental on looks than men, because women want "reproductive fitness" bs. And they have a hangup about their insecurity about their femininity if a man is not tall enough for them. They like to feel " feminine and protected" with a "tall" man. To hell with the RIGHT man.
It sucks, back in traditional dating a not-so-great-looking-guy could still attract a girl with his wit. Now with online dating we don't even get a chance. People always say "attract them with your personality", but that's a bit hard to do when literally no girls will even talk to you because you're a 6/10 and not a 9/10. Online dating is a crock of shit.
Thank you for sharing this, just for clarification: -4 out of 10 meet online is not about dating apps, it's general (especially social media, or other sites even) And the statistics that I talked about (I don't have the source now, but I will look for it) are just about averages for guys only (hetero guys), because if you included women (or homosexual people or trans or  ...etc), the statistics won't be the same, because dating apps are more efficient in those other cases (for example women can easily get a date). But for hetero guys it's in average fucked up. Note that it also depends on the location and if the app is commonly  used. Of course I am just trying here to explain the point, but to be more rigorous I will have to bring the statistics.  (I would say roughly,  like on average for guys, you need 100 likes to get 10 matches and 10 matches to get 1 date, but again only 12% of those dates can turn to a serious relationship, it's pretty fucked up I guess but because of survivorship bias/sutvivorship fallacy we tend to focus on people who actually got  a relationship and we forget about the others)  -Take a look at the statistics in the other comment.
Well yeah, but if you have money it's not the same.
BS!, so true! You're  right. All women care about is appearance. Men too, but once a man is physically attracted, he runs with it. Women find a man physically  attractive, but then axes him for someone who is an inch taller, with blue eyes instead of green, brown hair instead of blonde, 3 more strands of hair on his head, 5 more pounds of muscle, etc. You get the idea. I would honestly rate myself 8, very goodlooking, but not model looks, though I'm  bald and "short", 5'8". In a woman's  mind, that removes 4 points, and leaves me at a "4" in the looks department with women. Oh, and I'm pretty hung too, but we don't  get to post those pics.
When people tell you its all about personality anyways is when you know you are really fucking ugly. The bad thing is that people always told me this and therefore I spent my teen years thinking I have a really shitty personality. Knowing its not because of your character is kind of a relief.
Oh, right. Is the following helpful?    [20 percent of respondents between the ages of 18 to 34 years reported  that they personally met their romantic partner through a dating website  or app](https://www.statista.com/statistics/976286/adults-meeting-romantic-partner-through-dating-app-website-usa-age/) - not sure who they define as 'online users' though.  [this page](https://www.statista.com/topics/2158/online-dating/) has some interesting stats although I'm not in the field of research so I can't say much about its validity.  There was also the OkCupid research from a while ago but it seems they pulled it.
Why is it not the same if someone has money?
I have a lot of money and it has helped me absolutely 0. It is all about looks for young women.
Oh, nice.  I will take a look. The thing is with survivorship bias we forget about those who tried and didnt get anything (they might be a majority). Also the statistics depends on : if you included other genders.  But this seems interesting though.
If you are rich, then you potentially become an attractive target for gold diggers . Money can buy nice cars, not all, but many women's eyes are drawn to cool cars. You can go to a 5 stars restaurant.... I'm not saying you will get genuine love, but you will Fuck for sure.
Single moms are much more down to earth WRT money, but then you end up with two problems, the traditional "paying for it" problem where she never demands less money in the future, and the single mom problem which is a kettle of headaches in itself.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjrz0h/i_know_i_shouldnt_but_i_get_really_jealous_of/
That title says it all, as a Asian in a non Asian country I've always gravitated towards other Asian people, my best friends growing up were mostly Asian and we all shared the same experience regarding dating, that it's ridiculously hard if you are a Asian man, the same wasn't true for the women tho they had pretty much no problem getting in and out of relationships lol  I think there are a lot of reasons for this, one of many is how Asian men are portrayed in media, aka, non "sexual weird nerds", it's very rare to see Asian men in a romantic roles, Asian women on the other hand are casted as "sexy exotic romantic interests" all the time   Aside form other factors like the myths of Asian men being non sexual and having small penises (which is that, a myth, I myself am 7,5 inches)   Feels like we have everything going against us as far as being romantically and sexually desirable goes and it's made worse by the fact that Asian women don't have a preference to date other Asian men as most other women of other races do  So yeah bottom line  I just wish we were also as desired as them lol
I don't think you're in the wrong.
Am Asian. Can confirm.
Shoutout to black women who are in a similarly statistically disadvantaged position.
Yes and tbh it’s kinda weird how different asian men and Asian women are perceived from each other ... cause they’re literally the same race   but media chooses to portray them in separate stereotypes
Im just jealous of everyone to he honest
Thankfully that perception has been changing. Its a bit slow,like everything regarding racial issues in america, but its definitely happening. The popularity of kpop helps and the increased public interest in anime and Japanese culture.
This! It's so unfair. I'm not even Asian but seing this fetishised racism horsecrap once made me lose my shit in middle school. We were watching some lame ass movie about frat parties or shit and it had all the stereotypes you mentioned. I went to the front, stopped the movie and launched the dvd out of the window. Felt so good after it, wasn't even mad about the punishment and am more proud than ever of what I did back then.
Hey bro I'm also a western Asian male and you're right in the sense that we are heavily disadvantaged statistically in the dating pool. It's possible to break through by being the top 1% in jacked physique or at least copying a kpop aesthetic. Just aspire to have a gokuflex body with Edward Zo face.👍
Genuine question man. As an Arab man myself, what is the perception of Arab-Americans in the west regarding both genders in the west?
Shout out to shows like Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, Insecure and Chewing Gum that counter those stereotypes about asian men and black women
Yeah, you're not wrong tbh. Asian women are from most, if not all, races in the continent are fetishized. This is contrast with the men that are seen as weak and sorts of negative shite. It's even worse for men that aren't East Asian, because at least they have SOME positive representation in msm compared to other races
As another forever alone Asian man, I have to agree. I am seeking therapy due to it too.  One day I sat down and seriously thought about it. Where did it all go wrong for me? Why do women in the west treat me like so?   Not to brag but I have a list that makes me look like I shouldn't be here if race isn't included. I'm over six foot, grad school level educated, I exercise (I even used to windsurf in the summers), and none western people think I am pretty good looking. My family is also pretty well off. Yet in my 10 years in the US, I've managed to have one real relationship that is all online. The mean time for any kind to intimate relationship to occur for me is like.... 5 years.   My white passing friend told me he once when we went out to get a beer that he intentionally was an asshole to the waitress because he noticed the difference of how she treated me vs him. He thought it was unfair. (I was respectful as always). Yet it made no difference. He didn't even leave a tip at the end.  **Then I realized where it all went wrong was my race.**  Just like you said. Girls look at us like we are some kind of general artificial intelligence. Especially Asian girls, who always say we look like their brothers.
I agree with you. As a Asian myself, I feel I wouldn't be forever alone or have social anxiety if I was born white.
Oh yea, how the media tends to portray us really doesn't help at all, so it's sometimes an uphill fight against the stereotypes.
To be blunt it depends on the kind of Asian you are. From my experience Koreans and Japanese seem to do very well dating wise in my area, wheras those of Malaysian, Indonesian or Chinese descent seem to be heavily discriminated against.   This is not to invalidate your experience, and I am by no means the expert on this topic, just sharing my perspective on the matter.   This is also south-eastern Europe that I am referring to, so mileage may very depending on where you are and of course the zeitgeist. Since K-pop is more popular in the west, I can see that affecting the perceived attractiveness of Korean males in the west, provided they fit the K-pop look, if you get what I mean.   Either way, being racially isolated is a horrible thing, and I don't wish to downplay that, still, there are layers to this.   Hope that makes sense.
I love Asian men! Kpop certainly has helped change that in America IMO but they’ve also created unrealistic standards for Asian men. You’re awesome and no one can change that so have some confidence.
[deleted]
True. Asian men do have it hard but it really depends on who you meet. Some girls aren't as racist (or have as much stereotypical opinions) as the general population.
The truth is men usually have a tougher time in dating than women. It's not just Asian men. There are women who only want Asian men. So this is not completely true.
East Asian? Try to mimic pop culture idols. Guys like that are not popular in Asia (outside of the actual artists) but in the west that type is popular with the ladies.  Completely own what you have. It will be hard but I'm sure that it's better now than in the past.  Edit: Just wanted to add that I'm not invalidating your experience. I relate to you because my ethnicity is also not preferred where I live. People have opinions about you merely based on preconceptions which sucks. I'm actually giving up on dating where I live. I might go and hit the gym harder once they open up again but I'm not sure if I will be able to keep myself motivated. It's demotivating to have to work your ass off for crumbs.
[deleted]
Desired/Objectified - We don't want that.
[removed]
Bullshit bro. Every girl I know is crazy into K-pop. Asian men and culture is super popular now. I think women just don’t like you specifically
Thanks man
Thanks man, it's hard to talk about this because everytime I do white people usually come to gaslight me  Already a couple people tried in this post  So it's good to have confirmation from other Asians
Yeah it's a not a good feeling when that statistically people are less likely to be attracted to you  Even people from your own race
Also worse in the black community because black men treat black women like no other race in the world treats their women. Black men dang near despise black women who are dark skinned with the nappy hair. They prefer the light skin, white, Latina "exoticals" women. I'm just glad I have a preference for white men (always had, idk) otherwise it would absolutely suck to be a dark skinned black woman with eyes only for black men (raised with race loyalty and all that). The black community is messed up...
Yeah, Asian men are ugly non sexual nerds or weird outsiders , (community, big bang theory, heroes, etc)  While Asian women are always, sexy smart women (resident evil, the mega, Chun li, etc)  Bruce Lee is one of the few Asian sex symbols that exists, it's one of the reasons I was mad about his representation in the Tarantino film
I mean, it is extremely common for the different sexes of a race to be seen as the other side of the attraction spectrum. Black men are rated as being the most attractive according to women, and black women are rated as being the least attractive according to men. The opposite is true for redheads/gingers. Ginger women are seen as the most attractive and ginger men are seen as some of the least attractive.  I'm sure that these were based on mostly european ethnic people's opinions, so take it with a grain of salt.   It's also been a few years since I've actually looked at that particular study, so idk how well I could back up what I said here.
It's because Asian cultures and the Asian stereotype tends to emphasize values/traits that are considered feminine in western culture, such as being collectivist (i.e. going along with a group), being modest and not boastful (i.e. not acting confident), etc. Therefore, Asian women are seen as extra feminine and fetishized. And Asian men are seen as not as masculine and less attractive partners.  I'm not saying this is true or fair. I'm just saying how the stereotype goes.  Then there are actual Asian American cultural issues that make a lot of Asian American women not want to date Asian American men, but that's a separate issue.
Based
Yeah that it's good, representation creates acceptance  I hope Asian media becomes even more popular in the west
your alpha or something?
Yeah, I've been hitting the gym for a while now  Hoping that if I get jacked enough it will help women overlook my race lol
From what I have seen people have a hard time distinguishing them from other races unless they hace obvious cultural clues like a hijab or accent  So they are usually seen favorably on the same level as latinos
Oh yeah definetly I see it all the time very good looking Asian men that struggle dating  And average looking white men getting adored by asian women just because they are white
I know, I've gone with some friends at clubs and without fail everytime I flirt with a girl she eventually asks if I have a small dick
Yeah of course it does, colorism applies in many places, even with other races they confirm that the more white you look the better treatment you get  That's why Japanese and Koreans generally are treated better than Filipinos or Indonesians
Thanks for the attempt at erasing my personal experience with one that isn't even your own  oh and assuming things about me, always a good time
Sure but it's specially hard for Asian men in the west  All the studies of attraction by race show that Asian women men are the least attracted to their own race  And that Asian men are ranked the lowest by other races, well Asian men and black women   Man where are they? Tell them to hit me up
Allright (?  Listen I'm glad there are Asian men out there that have success, but look at all the Asian men in this post confirming how hard it is for us.    I'm sorry but listening to a success story amongst millions of failed ones doesn't make us feel better, especially since I don't know what the man you talk about looks like, maybe he is really white passing or ridiculously handsome, maybe he doesn't even exist.  If I was poor it wouldn't make me feel better knowing that one in a billion poor people becomes a millionaire
I didn’t like when women assumed I had a good career, was into anime, or spoke Chinese. Those seemed to be the only times women who were not from Asia were into me.   I say that because Asian American women were never interested, even seeing things like “not into Asian men” - Asian woman
I'd trade that over rejection and being perceived as undesirable tbh
Who’s we?
Yeah maybe I'm wrong, can you confirm with all your experience dating as a Asian man?
Ooooo another non Asian men with no stake or experience on what I experience daily is here to tell me the facts  Please go on, you don't look like a dumbass at all
I do believe there is an asian female fetish and It is pretty gross. But you forgot one positive, a ton of asians have low hairlines and thick hair. I wish I had that mean. I have a terrible hairline, and a big forehead and my hair just sucks in general.  From my aesthetic view point, asians have the best hair. And when it comes to me, my hair is usually where all my confidence comes from.
You're not crazy bro
ESPECIALLY men from your own race
> I'm just glad I have a preference for white men (always had, idk) otherwise it would absolutely suck to be a dark skinned black woman with eyes only for black men   I don’t get this part. White men generally aren’t attracted to black women. Are you saying white men find dark skin black women with nappy hair attractive? That contradicts everything we see in the media and here on reddit. And that’s ignoring all the racist stuff we see about black women on this site.
Well, if being eternally pissed off and bored by life means alpha, then yes.
I swear, any white dude that moves to an asian country (usually Japan) always somehow ends up with an asian wife. I always see expats on Asian country subreddits bring them up in their posts.
God damn. Wtf
Sadly it's human nature and ingrained biases that everyone (who is like me, a white person in a majority white nation) is to, at least some extent, guilty of.  I wonder how much all of this changes depending on where you are, like do white people (let's say of central european descent to make it easier) have a tougher time dating in majority Asian nations?   I doubt so, but I would love to hear from various people in various situations.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sure. If that's what you are. Merry Xmas.
troll, ignore
[removed]
I’m Indian you retard. You’ve just decided that being Asian makes you undesirable. Turns out you’re undesirable because you’re a bitch
I’m Asian and have receding hairline and thin hair. Also  have same dating experience as op.
...no?  I'm saying that I'm glad white men are my presence because it would suck with the way black men treat black women. And in my experiences I've found white men treat black women FAR better than black men.  There are white men that don't like black women and I didn't say otherwise so idk what you're babbling on about lol
Yeah it's why anytime a white dude struggles dating the advice he receives is "just go to asia"
I'd rather not argue about this, i don't like having my personal experience questioned and erased, I have that a lot in my day to day life already  I'm sure you'd love to belive the world is fair and if you are a nice person people will find you attractive, but that's not how it works, and don't try to assume what my experiences are when you have never lived what I'm saying personally
You didn't offer data (? You offered a personal experience, and not even your personal experience, someone else's  I've literally been told "I'm sorry I don't like Asian men" when being rejected 🤔  Of course I'd rather be judged on something I can work on , doesn't mean it's gonna happen just because of wishful thinking
I have literally been told "I'm sorry I don't like Asian guys" when being rejected 👀
It's what I'm seen as for being Asian unfortunately hah
If you think me not liking being gaslighted is toxic then I don't know what to tell you dude
You’re white.
You say you are happy you have a preference for white men and I'm confused because white men statistically date Black women the least. I don't get how that benefits you as a Black women. It would make the chances of you finding someone even less likely.
[deleted]
Because white men don't treat black women as maliciously as black men do.
Damn that's crazy, tell me more
Oh, so why do the majority of white men prefer not to date Black women?
[deleted]
As I said. Black men are the only race of men to collectively date out. What's got your panties in a twist about this whole thing? lol. It's quite clear what I'm saying.
Damn that's crazy tell me more
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjxpf1/merry_christmas/
Merry Christmas to all the lonely people out there. God bless you all.
Merry Christmas! Idk how long i haven't been here for but spread the cheer!
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjvk2y/merry_christmas_foreveraloners/
Haven't visited this sub since December 2019,  but I would like to wish you all a merry Christmas and happy new year.
Merry christmas 💖
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas...
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas! Did you escape or just don't feel like coming here haha?
Merry Christmas am alone.
Just didn't feel like coming here lol
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjrk2i/id_like_to_say_merry_christmas_to_someone_special/
Since I do not have someone special in my life (aside of my family) I would like to say Merry Christmas to everyone. I know it has been a pretty shi*** year, but at least we all can share our thoughts and things here with everyone. So Merry Christmas everyone, I wish you havea good day/night :D
Merry Christmas!!! Hope you had a good, you will find  someone special
Merry Christmas to you too StrikeOva, hope you have a wonderful holiday and a great 2021.
Merry Christmas to you too! I hope you find a few moments of peace or relaxation during the day. Thanks for thinking of everyone in this community on a day which I know will be a struggle for many (as for me I don't fuss much over it, I eat nice foods, but it's not a million miles from a normal day for me).
Merry Christmas to all of my FA comrades!!! Cheers!!!
Merry Christmas my homies, hope to see less of yall next year :')
Thanks alot man. You have a big heart and I hope you find that special someone some day. Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas to you too. I hope you next year you will be with people you feel close too. And a happy new year too.
Merry Christmas random humans on the internet.
Merry Christmas My G It'll Get Better I promise Bro Keep Your Head Up King!
Merry Christmas to you too. Hope you find someone special next year :)
Merry Christmas everyone!
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kkbvjj/plusses_of_being_fa_thit_time_of_year/
Shopping for present for family is low.   That's about it. It six being a FA
No family drama. Buying gifts for yourself.
No fu*king interference in whatever you're doing.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjszp5/took_me_11_years_ive_finally_given_up/
I’m tall. In shape. Active duty military. Musician. Good dancer. And apparently funny.   It’s not that I haven’t had opportunities for a relationship. It’s just that I never had an opportunity with someone I *wanted*. Someone I found attractive who felt the same.  My last relationship was a joke and barely lasted a few months. Before that, my last serious relationship was when I was 24. I’m 30 now. The only reason I haven’t killed myself is because I have a younger brother who loves me. Everyone else I don’t consider that important.  I’m just so done with trying to find the perfect person for me. I understand that a lot of folks here can’t even get a kiss, or they’ve never had someone say the words I love you. But the end result for all of us is the same: we’re just going to end up alone. At first it hurt. But now it’s just kind of a relief. If I can’t find the person meant for me, I’ll just focus on making this world a better place. I made $100k last year. I’m going to use the money I saved up to invest into an app idea that I’ve had for quite some time.   If my soul is going to be in pain for the rest of my life, I may as well make myself useful.
Work is the Best distraction to not think of those stuff. Specially if it's something you like.
Dude that's awesome, what kind of app? I'm about your age (29) but I have no job skills and a shitty learning disability. So, no outlet whatsoever. Not sure I'll make it past 35.
>It’s not that I haven’t had opportunities for a relationship  >My last relationship
I'm only 18, so I probably shouldn't be here yet, but I have already given up. I'm so weak.
At least your not being a lazy user leech. I don’t have good advice but fuck stupid romantic bullshit.
We're not the same. You're alone by choice, regardless of whether you choose to accept that fact. I am not alone by choice.
I'm active military (not US, but another NATO-Country) too. One of the reasons I joined was that I hoped if I work in such a critical field, my life would have a lot more meaning.  I am struggling more and more with this ideal, it feels like I serve for a society that I am no part of and rejected by (except for my labor).  I guess you think differently, even through you gave up you still take pride in contributing (may it be an app, or your service) to this society. Are there any special reasons for thinking like that?
Congratulations on the $100k. Rooting for you to turn your app idea into a success!
I hope you turn your app into a success. How did you earn your money if you mind me asking?
I share the sentiment. It’s undeniably sad, but absolutely liberating to just give up. There’s so much more tangible things we can do when we don’t waste our time chasing a fantasy.
It’s not that I don’t think my work has meaning. It’s that the pain of being romantically alone is stronger than what I do. But at this point a relationship just doesn’t matter to me anymore. One less thing to worry about.
Oof that’s a good quote
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjnfep/its_the_night_before_christmas_and_im_crying/
I'm so fucking lonely it hurts my soul.
How about this! This sub has a discord server. How about we all pop in the voice chat there, have a few drinks, and just enjoy the time together on such a night! I finish work in about 2hrs from now
We can all be alone together.
:( me too
Me too.  I'm sorry my friend.  I wouldn't wish loneliness on my worst enemy.
I’ve got to the point where I’ve realised that because I’ve been alone, in the literal sense of the word, for so long now, I’m so far behind the curve with regards to socialising/relationships that I’ve accepted myself and the circumstances of my being.
it's over
This Internet stranger wishes you some compassion for yourself at Christmas. Loneliness sucks especially when others seem to have it so easy, but those people will have their inner problems too. Try to practice some good self-care and get through the day as well as possible without relying on unhealthy copes. It will quickly be over, same with New Year's, and then life will be back to normal.
I’m so sorry. That breaks my heart. I wish I could help you feel less lonely
I'm so drunk right now. That helps. That and video games. I'm playing marvel strike force!
Truth be told, I forgot about christmas and I am happy. kind of.
No.
I feel like I'm completing the task because I'm among those who cry at Christmas too
How can you wish loneliness to yourself :/ I am my worst enemy
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjur4a/merry_christmas_losers/
Fyi I'm a loser too hopefully things change for us but probably not if you think about the statistics.
If you think about the statistics its more likely for a change in the way you describe than not. Best of luck
Don't call anyone a loser.
Merry Christmas.  P.s. though I am not sure what statistic are you referencing, but may this next year be better.
Merry Christmas!  (don't worry. Nothing ever changes)
Merry Christmas
But... aren't we all losers here?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjrau9/i_love_you/
That is all
Right back at you, brother ... Merry Christmas.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kju1u5/the_only_good_thing_about_christmas_as_a_fa_is/

the only thing i have to look forward to are the Steam sales
The gym is empty no waiting for a bench ... until the dreaded new years resolution people clog it up for about two weeks.  Will be interesting to see with COVID if there is a plague of new years resolution people or not.  My bet is "not".
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjhwj2/i_just_want_to_be_desired_by_someone/
Doesn’t even have to be a SO, it could be anyone, I just want someone to want to talk to me, I want someone to need me, it’s all I desire in this worthless existence
Relatable. And it sucks always being on this end of the spectrum, cause it seems needing someone’s company is effective in driving them away.
Its not gonna happen. At least for me.
Bro, have you tried focusing on yourself bro, just join a gym get a haircut and you'll be more attractive than 90% of men. Also try to take a shower every day bro, that way you won't repel women anymore bro.
We all want to be desired without rejection without feeling like the ugliest person in the world
I feel that. I don’t have a relationship (never have), my “friends” don’t reach out or want to see me. They’ll hang out with each other but not invite me.  I just want to be on somebody’s mind. To be the person they text to hang out with on a random weeknight because we’re bored. I’ve never been someone’s go to, and I highly doubt I ever will
Story of Our Lives
Same, I made a post about this a little bit ago too. I want there to be someone out there who thinks about me and genuinely wants to be with me.
>I just want someone to talk to me, I want someone to need me  This is going to sound incredibly cliche but try volunteering. Years ago I felt the same way you did and while volunteering won’t solve the issue of not having an SO (though it sometimes can) it definitely fills the niche of feeling needed and valued.  That, or get a pet. If you really want something to love you unconditionally I’d suggest a dog.
Same, but it'll never happen.
Don't we all :(
This is going to be the hardest thing to hear.  It is the hardest thing for me to write.  I was like you *very* recently.  Hell, I still haven't dated for years even now.  But I woke up one day and decided that I was going to dictate my life, not have my life dictated to me.  This involves giving to others - I mean, a LOT of giving.  Without expecting anything in return.  Just being considerate and generous to everyone, regardless of how they treat you.  You'll be amazed how that lifts you up.  Considering everything that happened, 2020 is still one of the best years of my life because I did that.
Same bro.  I’m nearing 30 now and I’m starting to accept that nobody would want to have me in this life but I admit that sometimes, I want someone to desire me the way I desire them but what can I do, I’m just an ugly, short and chubby guy and yes; i did running marathon for 2 years and I lost weight but it still didn’t work for me.
Inbox me
[deleted]
[removed]
There is a difference in needing and wanting. If u need, women will sniff it from miles away. If u want, u will achieve.
Same bro, atleast we aren't alone in that
Me neither. The only hope is to become a simp and invest in adult cam tokens and throw them to cam models that would never even consider talking to me IRL and I'm not willing to do that yet. It's pretty degenerate.
>focus on yourself bro  >stop focusing on yourself bro, you're too self-centered  You can't win. You either "have it" or you don't.
I take a shower every day, I’ve tried for 3 years to loose weight but can’t, and my hair looks worse when it’s short, idk what to do
> just join a gym get a haircut and you'll be more attractive than 90% of men. Also try to take a shower every day bro  Ok. Now what?
This is satire
[deleted]
Lol what if you’re actually ugly though which is why you’re rejected ?
Well I have a cat and a dog and they do great jobs of making me feel loved but it just doesn’t hit the same as the idea of another human loving me
Do you have some examples?
This comment is the exact same stuff that people like us hear all the time and it's just a load of empty feel-good patronizing bullshit.
I’m sorry but I do not recall getting any messages from you maybe try sending them again
It’s true. And it’s usually a guy like me who’s been constantly rejected that will need a woman,which keeps me in an inescapable loop. A guy who can get women will never need one
Bet you could trust me I can’t
Don't do that man. At least go down with your pride intact.
You can it you actually, truly want to do it. Don't use that excuse. You can do it if you truly set your mind on it. And you can't keep giving up when it comes to weight loss. Don't do crash diets. Take it slow. No excuses.
It’s sarcasm bro, just the usual advice we get bro
Then your only chance is to have some endearing friendship quality that maybe will blossom into something one day. That's the mystery of love.  Why do some obese guys or disabled guys have a partner but not your average guy here
First of all - my apologies for not answering your question sooner.  But I wanted to get back to this question, and give you some concrete examples.  * **Hospitals** - they ALWAYS have volunteer programs  * **Union Mission** - the homeless are just like you, except they suffer from mental illness, depression, or just really bad luck.  Shelters always need help with food, upkeep of the facility, or they also accept donations to help these folks get back on their feet.  * **Retirement Homes** - imagine that your family has decided that you are too old to be independent, and you need to go to a place where you are just waiting to die.  Imagine how these folks feel about themselves.  Volunteers are always needed.  * **Local community** - do you live in an area with senior citizens, who live alone and are isolated by COVID?  Not only are they lonely, but they need help with groceries or errands.  Also, every community needs people to show leadership and improve things where they live.  Improve local parks, streets, or clean up abandoned properties.  * **Your friends or family** - this might be difficult for anyone who feels they are alone or isolated themselves, but reaching out to any friends or family that you DO have, and asking them "is there anything I can do for you?" is essential.  You would be surprised how much this matters.  Here's my point: if you sit there, and self-isolate, the rest of the world will let you do that.  Time will pass.  And nothing will change.  In order to change your life - the first thing that has to change is YOU.  What you do, your decisions.  Every little bit helps.
[removed]
Before getting a woman, get yourself. If you believe in yourself, they will believe in you. You will be self assured, and confidence will not be needed. Look within and the outside will recognize, body language is SO vital. I have seen good looking guys be mocked mercilessly and someone without the looks but, wit and self confidence, becoming irresistible to women. Once u go thru a couple of relationships u will realise the value of the right woman who compliments you instead of just any woman. If u find someone who fits your situation, try to make it work, if not, move on.
Same here bro.
Obese people can still have pretty faces. 💖 usually they’re pretty funny. One thing I realized though is that when ugly / deformed people try to develop redeeming qualities it’s not as receptive as when an average or good looking person does the same. It’s like “eww you ugly fuck stay in your place” I don’t think this but I’ve experienced it from our living society
Thank you for writing this out. I live in a small village so I have a little bit less opportunities (no homeless people, no retirement homes or hospitals, parks are kept clean by the local government) but I'm sure there are opportunities out there. I just need to find them, and the energy (and time) with that. Lack of energy and time are the main proplems.
Multiple issues I don’t dream straight anymore there all cumulative aspects of reality rather than imaginative. Reality drags me down I can’t find a reason to be all I think about is sex and relationships I’ll never have. Do the opposite of me
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjosck/i_dont_know_what_it_means_but_it_feels_applicable/
&#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/qerwumx2w7761.png?width=639&format=png&auto=webp&s=b107a40279f19f49a065b5d26d84069ccf979fbe
How did the "doomer" thing get so trendy, when it was specifically created around millennials who have given up on life (career and relationship-wise) and are now just numb.  Sometimes it really feels like people just want to relate to something (even if they couldn't) just to feel unique.  Sorry for that random rant.
Thats how it is
You haven't seen the rest of that comic, have you?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjjxor/being_an_fa_has_given_me_such_a_distorted_view_on/
Remember when you were like ten, when the word love actually meant something positive?  Well 9 years later of constant rejection, being alone, longing for  human warmth and affection and being so drained out by everyday anxiety and depression and I can say that it doesnt anymore.  The word love only has negative connotations for me like pain, cold or sadness.  When someone sings or speaks about love, how it is for the everyday normie im just too baffled because I can't even understand it anymore what it must feel like to not constantly experience pain with it and NEVER anything good.  Love, relationships and all that, i just connect it to the feelings i experienced through thinking about it or feeling it, which is exceptionsless negative.  Like why do people sing about something so negative that doesnt do no good at all.  Ohh wait.  It doesnt only for me because idk maybe I was a serial killer in my life before that i'm being punished with this everyday sickness that noone recognises, noone emphasizes (except you guys <3) nor can be cured.  Just constant pain.
My distortion comes from the way the hope of love has been dangled in front of me as a way to use me.  Also, always being on the outside of relationships, and constantly examining them without experiencing them, has given me what many might consider a cynical view.  I think that love is positive. However, I don’t see much real love. I see lots of fear of abandonment. I see plenty of obligation. Occasionally, I see passion (not for me, of course). We’ve all seen plenty of lust. Love exists, but I’m not sure there’s enough that really qualifies with how often the word is tossed about.
I don’t even believe love exists. Being rejected all my life caused me to take a scientific approach on this kind of stuff and realize that only physical looks matter. I think it’s just an ideal
Trying to reach hermit level in order to not give a fuck and just focus on my studies. I know there's no way out anyways, might as well try to enjoy the other parts of life.
Love is an unsatisfied thirst for illusion.
Well, if its any consolation, people sing songs about heroin, and they sound about the same as your post.  I do think there are some FA with an unhealthy addictive relationship toward fictional portrayal of relationships in TV/movies/songs.  There are programs for most addictions, and for at least some fraction of FA they need that WRT their imaginary view of relationships.  The good news is people do recover from those problems.
Same man same , I stopped believing that such things exist anymore ( atleast not for me ) and it absolutely tears me apart not to have my deepest desires met and pretend that I'm okay with everything and ok being alone
Love is just a chemical reaction in the brain.
Exactly. A chemical reaction that compels us to mate. Couple that in with the ego and you have “love”
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjhmgs/the_time_of_the_year_when_it_hurts_the_most/
As a younger brother, I've seen all the milestones my older brother has gone through. His first relationships when he was a teenager. The first time he brought a girl home. The long talks he and his then girlfriend used to have with my parents. How my grandpas were full of joy and happiness knowing he was with someone. The relationship advice they gave to him. The way she looked at his childhood pictures, saying how cute he was. The pictures they took together (my parents with my brother and his girlfriend or my grandpas with them). I used to look at the pictures hung on the walls and think 'maybe someday that will be me'  My parents are divorced now, they sold our childhood house and now live in separate apartments. My grandpas are dead oor too senile to even recognize me. Life has gone by as if I never lived. I've missed out so much and I'll never be able to experience most of those things, because they're gone. I'm 25 and I have none of those normal experiences, milestones and memories. It's like if I'm a ghost.  I have my daily dosis of regrets and missed experiences in life and I can't sleep well at night, but somehow I manage. Still, I'm afraid that someday they'll hit me like an avalanche of sadness and depression and I don't know how I'll react or how I'll try to cope or deal with such thing.  The worst part it's that I'll never have a girlfriend or get married have a family of my own. I'll spend the rest of my days alone, turning my face to the wall and thinking that I wasted my life and all those missed experiences will hurt as I get older. How it is even possible for a couple to have a normal kid and then a hideous boy without social skills or intelligence and good for nothing. I wonder why. Why me? Why I was born to be miserable, sad and never experiencing love? Why I had to be so ugly? Am I a bad person? Why do I had to be so different? My only chance at life, completely wasted an ruined  Merry Christmas
How's your relationship with your brother? I haven't spoken to my sister in more than ten years now. Having your sibling being FA must be weird when you're a normie.
The sadness avalanche hit me when I turned 30 realizing all the shit I have missed out on.  I refer to the time between november and march as depression season.  This is because there are the most holidays and events that are of no use to someone who is alone.  You have thanksgiving, christmas, new years, valentines day all in that time span and each is insanely depressing when single alone.   I have no experiences and I'm almost 31 years old.  So I can fully understand the relationship aspect of your post.  My whole family died each by their own issue.  Mom had cancer died when I was 12, sister died of a sudden heart attack while out walking a dog, and my dad died of colon cancer in 2017.  I'm all alone now.  I have never been in a relationship, never had sex.  As far as milestones go I feel like a 15 year old with crippling anxiety and depression.     On the upside we have a pandemic going on so I don't have to feel like I'm missing out on opportunities that never work out for me and seeing all the happy couples walking down the street holding hands or kissing in public.  Kissing in public is basically domestic terrorism at this point.  I should be enjoying this pandemic as much as I have.
I know how you feel. I'm almost 23, but my little sister is already on BF #3. I think #1 and 2 were in high school, and now she has one in college.  I didn't get anyone in either era.
It’s easy to say “don’t live the lives of others” but  I realize it’s deeper than you wanting to be your brother. Everyone has an innate desire to find someone who makes them happy (and in return, make them happy). I know how much it hurts to see those around you happy, it’s not a feeling of envy as much as it is a longing for a special someone. I have experienced midnight episodes where I too contemplate why I’m lonely, why I ended up antisocial, and my missed opportunities in high school. those are things impossible to “not think about”. All I can really offer you is the comfort in knowing that there are many people in your same situation, and that doesn’t diminish it’s seriousness one bit
We barely talk, maybe once a month or when he needs a favor or something related with our dad (I'm closer to our father than him). But it's like we're not so close related and we have nothing in common and we're so different.
Lol you made me laugh with the domestic terrorism Thanks for the laugh!
Why do you think you don't have a close relationship/bond with your brother?
I think it's steams from two things: age difference and personality. He's ten years older than me and I was always like a little kid to him. He had his group of friends, he played sports and my parents were very proud of him and supported him. I was always shy, introverted, bad at sports and just used to be by myself and my dog while growing up. Never had many friends and was just left out even by my parents.   So, we never had a special bond and we were always on different stages of life and he wasn't really interested in being close with me and treats me condescendingly, like I'm not normal (and he's right)
Wow, sounds exactly like my story in some aspects. The popular, extroverted, charismatic, outgoing older son (7 years older) with me being the shy, introverted daughter with significantly fewer friends. We do have a close relationship but we're aren't friend friends (if you get what I mean). I don't understand how an older brother can be condescending and distant from his younger one even if the age gap is considerable. I'm sorry about that. My father noticed the difference  between me and my brother and makes me feel proud to be how I am (introverted, etc). He teachers me how to start being less shy lest I miss opportunities in life. Don't mean to give unsolicited advice, but there are good guidelines online to help with the "shy" aspect. Anyways, sorry to hear your story and I feel for you in certain ways I can relate. For the others, I hope you feel content in life one day and good luck with everything and all your endeavors. ☺️  Edit- what did you mean by him thinking you aren't normal?
> what did you mean by him thinking you aren't normal?  Of course he knows I'v never had a girlfriend (and maybe he has deduced that I haven't even kissed a girl), he knows I don't have any friends, that when we were young I never went clubbing or something, he knows I have a hard time talking to people and I lack social skills. I'm the weird one within the family and, compared to his friends and other people, he realizes I'm not normal.  Even when he speaks to me it's like he's talking to a 12 years old. Not just him, everyone. I'm an adult but I feel like a child pretending to be a grown up
"Normal". You're just different and it's not a wrong/bad thing. I know compared to them it's easy for them to feel superior but that's a bunch of crap. Your social circle is...something smh. Sorry you have to deal with all that. I am also the "outsider" of the family but I never took it as me being the "wrong" one. It just sucks that the people around you make you feel that way. All the best.
Thank you! All the best for you too
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjlv3d/christmas_is_extra_hard_being_forever_alone/
As it says in the title it’s very difficult to be forever alone to not be able to share any happiness especially the holidays. And I work in retail and it’s even actually difficult seen these families with their kids men and women holding hands walking past me. And I think at the end of my shift today I’ll be alone on yet another Christmas three Christmases now alone with no happiness and I’ll be a Cheryl with no be a hog has nobody to actually spend time with how does anybody cope with this house anybody else on here cope with that what is a good distraction to keep your mind occupied and not on the dread I’d appreciate advice. And by the way merry Christmas everybody on here and he would know that’s a hard thing to say.￼
Same here well first year being alone on Christmas.
Yes my third year and I remember all the holidays when my grandparents are alive they will get to get the family together. And it’s been 3 years now, I remember all the sandwich trays they would order and all the good desserts and now on that’s nothing to look forward to anymore it’s up on my job place orders us some Jersey Mike’s and we get to have that today that’s the only thing I look forward to anymore. Seen these people in their happiness walk past me and think that they get to go home to be with their family and their kids get to open presents and I have something to look forward too I actually got a card from my coworker and I believe it or not when I open that card up it really made me feel good because I actually got something for once in a number of years of getting absolutely nothing for Christmas even that little card meant everything to me the world to me. I just don’t know how to cope with being alone another holiday again.
[deleted]
Yeah. My brother moved out after 2 weeks last month because he didn’t want me to try and take my wife back after kicking her out last month. So I’m single.....
It’s fine
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjso35/stay_strong_the_holidays_dont_last_forever/
Christmas eve, Christmas, .. special gifts under the tree, kisses under the mistletoe, New Years Eve parties with that cute someone, .. I know its hard getting through the holidays with all of these images around, people surrounded by their loved ones, etc, and maybe you aren't.  I'm FA by choice, .. but its even hard for me as independent as I am during the holidays, so I can't imagine what its like if you are forced to be FA against your will.  It won't last forever, week or two more and it'll be over, another new year will be here .. in the Northern Hemisphere we probably have a hard winter ahead of us, but there is spring on the other side of it.  Hope you are all doing well.
i like the days off though
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjs1pe/a_really_low_appetite/
I basically will become anorexic if I don't take my meds which help with my appetite. Right now I'm having a low appetite and It's probably my anxiety which causes this. I also fear of becoming anorexic which makes me anxious and in turn lowers my appetite even more. I'm a man for christ sake I dont see many men at my already low weight and I eat as much as I can, I'm 120 pounds 5'7 and all my weight goes in the feminine parts such as thighs, buttocks, love handles not so much arms and stomach so I look very skinny and very weak and I am very skinny and very weak.  My state of being forever alone makes everything even worse and even when I think about it a little it triggers my anxiety.
I’m a guy at 5’10 and 135. But I do competitive sports so I’m more of a lean and toned build.  About the same BMI tho.  You don’t need to put on 50 pounds of muscle to look better. Tone more by doing basic body weight exercise.
I’m nearly the exact same height and weight and I’ve been super self-conscious about it forever. My body is so ugly, but I stopped working out a few years ago and I’ve put on about 15 pounds since and I’ve honestly never felt better about my body. It’s still not attractive, but hopefully the older I get, the fatter I’ll get then I won’t be a skinny, hideous fuck. Hopefully the same can happen to you and you can feel better about your body.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kjihbe/does_therapy_help/
Being constantly alone and rejected with little hope for the future is making me more depressed than usual lately, so I've thought about looking at counseling, but I'm not really convinced it will help. I'm afraid I'll be paying for advice that will amount to "think positively", or "have patience".
I personally taught myself. Cognitive Behavioural Therapy and Dialectical Behavioural Therapy basically have the same fundamental purpose: to challenge your thoughts. It’s as simple as this:  1. Learn the cognitive distortions 2. Write out the thoughts on paper 3. See if there are any distortions 4. If so, it is false, replace it with valid thought  Overtime you are able to spot the distortions in your head, but it’s still always best to write them out because your basically being a therapist for yourself. Yes, there are many more activities you can do and the resources exist online but the only two I’ve ever found to be simplistic is mindfulness and the activity I wrote above. I learnt very quickly that your thoughts are no joke, they’re constantly lying to you, yet we believe they are the 100% truth.
Basically, yea. Useless advice for 50bucks each seance
It *can* help. But it heavily depends on the counselor. The spectrum is incredibly broad and some will be insightful and attuned to your problems, others will be entirely unsympathetic and give you platitudes at best. It doesn't help that most of the people getting and giving counseling are basically normal people. So finding one that can actually understand what you're going through (to a decent extent) may be tough. You don't want to end up in a situation where your paying someone to just let you vent at them because they literally cannot understand how or why someone would be as alone as you are.  &#x200B;  But I will also say that you should be careful when writing something off as a platitude. Sometimes being patient or fighting back against your negative thoughts can be your only short-term option.
I was in therapy so I can speak from experience and it didnt help at all for me at least. All I got was prescriptions for antidepressants and some generic encouragements like be happy with yourself or whatever. They are all probably normies with wifes/husbands/friends and kids so how on earth can they ever relate to your problems and issues? It is nice to vent about it but your life circumstances doesnt magically change with that. Therefore I wouldnt recommend it but in the end its your decision. I learned to bear with it alone. Sometimes it really sucks but I am fine with it most of the time. Thats life I guess.
No. Most of the time, they gaslight you and blame you for everything, then they call it treatment.
It's a religion, if you have doubts it won't work (and you are absolutely right to have doubts).
If I say no, I get attacked. In my experience, though...
If it's free where you live, definitely go for it. If it isn't free, I'm not sure I'd recommend it.
Helps me a lot
Currently seeing a therapist for social anxiety and non existent self esteem. Can’t really say any of those things has improved but I probably wouldn’t be alive right now if I didn’t have my therapist. While it hasn’t really helped in terms of my problems (I don’t really respond to CBT) she is very sympathetic to my problems and feelings. We’re currently trying to figure out if I have very mild autism or if I’ve just been like this so long that the symptoms are similar
Copy pasting my other comment  > Yeah I have. 3 different therapists. Done nothing. My take on therapists: can they be effective? I’m sure they have been for some people. But I think when you seek medical treatment there should be a reasonable expectation the procedure should work, or the doctor should give you an evaluation and be transparent on how likely it is it will work. With therapists, you don’t know either. And for how expensive they are, not knowing what chance the treatment has of being effective makes them not worth it for me.
It does but you have to have a clear goal and be realistic. Keep in mind that's its perfectly normal to have to go through a few therapists before you find the one that fits you. Its also important to realize that you have to put in effort. There does some to be a misconception going around that therapists are miracle workers that can solve everything and if you dont feel better after one session, its a scam. Which is just silly   So what are you hoping to achieve through therapy? You also need to let go of that view that its just telling you to be positive, that bias will cloud your willingness to try new things.
Dint quite helped me just wasted my money. They did prescribe me some weak pills i think i felt a bit better but that may be placebo
Honestly...no it doesn’t!
No, speaking from personal experience. Once you visit enough times, you basically learn to just tell them what they want to hear.
A good therapist will help. But just like getting personal training for fitness, you will still have to do the work. And it will be work.  You are likely to get a lot of negative responses in this sub because of survivorship bias. Those who have successfully improved their lives through therapy probably aren't in this sub anymore.
From my experience no. At least, not if you have fixed, chronical, persistent issues. Do ask other people for temporary, curable, seasonal issues though.
No.
Why should I spend money for someone to tell me that it’s all in my head and to get me to buy drugs?
Yes it will help you a lot
I wish it was only $50, the only one I can find near me is $120. Seems just as expensive as dating.
I know right... it only works if you want it to work, if it doesn't work, the. You don't try hard enough... nobody will tell you specifically how it works... it won't work if you don't think it will... if it doesn't work, you need to keep looking for a different therapist... it's just like religion.
I got some free at a local University when trainee students on their master's degree needed to do supervised unpaid hours before they were "let loose" on the public. I guess they were slightly less skilled than a fully experienced person would be but in my case I just needed someone to chat to, a confidante, discussing my attempts to connect with people through Meetup groups. With hindsight maybe I had a blind spot about myself that they weren't going to tell me, something in my communication style (or more like appearance) that pushes people away. The free counselling did help, paid counselling later I felt they were also wanting me to return and keep paying, and so probably didn't tell me the facts about FA life nor truly appreciate a lifestyle so alien from their own life experiences. I guess I probably had enough paid sessions, and enough Ubers to and from the free ones, that I could have bought a really nice laptop for the same money. Would I have been better with the laptop or the counselling? Hard to say, I don't have regrets, but I didn't make any big changes as a result of counselling.  &#x200B;   I agree that a motivated person can self-teach some CBT skills, for example either on Audible books or on video from The Great Courses there are two great courses by Jason Satterfield about CBT. But if you are really depressed and low you probably won't have the motivation to do that by yourself and need someone to "hold your hand" through the process somewhat. I think ultimately, same as with meditation, the benefits are probably not huge and a lot of it is the placebo factor of believing you are going to change. But sometimes people (I include myself here) just need a bit of someone connecting with and being nice to them, so long as it's affordable I don't see a problem with it.
Ah yea ,big oof it seems. Lol I guess I'm never gonna date I can tell myself I saved up some money
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kj773j/theres_no_point_in_putting_in_any_more_effort_in/
I've always made an effort in maintaining my appearance. When I leave the house I dress well, and put on makeup. I keep up with routines to keep my hair and skin healthy looking and I have a healthy diet for the most part.  Even when my depression gets really bad and I have no energy to do these things I push through it because I've always thought it must help me mentally to an extent right? I just want to give that all up. It has never helped me with relationships so far. Maybe it will make me happier to stop caring about my appearance.
I did that for a while at one deep dark point.  I felt wretched.  I looked like a vagrant.  I actually despised myself more than I could ever know.  It didn't make me feel any better about life or myself and certainly didn't make me feel happy.  What's more, it was detrimental to my career plan, which was the only thing keeping me on this side of the grass at that point in my life.  I certainly didn't go to any great extents, but I did get back to taking care of myself enough to not have my sanity and suitability to do my job questioned.  Somewhere along the line after that, hope died and things got much better and I started feeling happy with my situation.       Hope is dragging you down.  Kill it.
I know my appearance doesn’t matter because i wont meet anyone but what I do is channel my anxious energy into thinking about how there is technically a chance, however small, that it could happen on any day  I reason that if by some miracle an opportunity to start a social life just falls into my lap and i am looking like shit when it happens i will have such extreme regret afterwards that i can sort of trick myself to keep clean even if its not by a very positive outlook  I use the same approach for cleaning my room and house just think about how bad i would feel if i lost out on some impossibly small chance of meeting someone because i was too afraid to let them see inside my house or get close enough to smell me or whatever
It's very cruel how people around the world are so lonely, but can't really help each other
There’s only so much effort you can put into improving your appearance. We’re all constrained by our genetics at the end of the day.
Not once in my life I put effort in my appearance for others. I do it entirely for myself and I refuse to put some kind of show for others to become more likeable.
I implore you to not to stop. With you taking care if not improve your outward appearance it might be having a good impact on your self-image. Are you taking medication for your depression at the moment  and are you in contact with a therapist? I think you should get in touch with one when and if you can.
Same.
I mean I'm jailed at home anyway by the pandemic so why bother being beautiful if it doesn't make yourself happy just like that. I only take showers every two days and wear fresh clothes, that's about it. I see no point kn putting much effort in my appearance right now.
I do the same and the way I see it, even if I feel like shit and am lonely, stleast I'm gonna look fresh af to anyone who sees me. Maybe that's a toxic way to see things but I'd rather look good if I'm gonna be burdened with loneliness tbh
yesterday i felt like sheite but i still took a selfie because there was a nice sun outside and the dogs & cat were so cute but then i looked at my messy greasy hair and long ugly beard and was like ew, that does NOT help!   so i spent a good hour+ cutting everything nice, took a shower (been a week at least) and i felt SO much better, i even felt attractive, that i have not felt in a loooong ass time!  so yeah, there's no point in trying to please others, just do it to feel good for you.
Do it for yourself, not for others. I don't want to comb my hair these days (just wear a hat over it), but I still keep up with basic hygiene. Even if no girl notices me with interest ever again, at least people don't notice me for being disheveled.
I mean if you only look good for the sole purpose of attracting potential mate, you won't feel good, at least not in the long run. Do it for yourself, if it doesn't make you happy, then don't do it.      This is just me but people look million times more attractive if they're comfortable In their own skin, makeup or no makeup
I mean if you only look good for the sole purpose of attracting potential mate, you won't feel good, at least not in the long run. Do it for yourself, if it doesn't make you happy, then don't do it.      This is just me but people look million times more attractive if they're comfortable In their own skin, makeup or no makeup
[deleted]
I would need to spend billions in make-up and I'd much rather spend the 2 cents I have spared in most meaningful things rather than giving a fake image of myself...  if this society cannot tolerate the ugly I won't give them the pleasure to see me conform to beauty ideals
At this point for me I see no point because everything I can do for myself like get in shape, good skincare, decent haircut I’ve done and still had no luck. The only option left is surgery and there’s no way I can afford it.
You should put in the effort to look clean, but no more.
I take care of myself by eating well and exercising every day. Not because I care about my appearance, but because I’m cheap as hell and don’t wanna become fat and have to buy new clothes lol.
To be fair, most people don't like those perfectly painted make-ups. People don't think "oh that's beautiful" but "oh they put so much effort into their makeup".
Have to hard disagree. Even if I am ugly, putting effort into my appearance makes me feel good. There’s a difference between being ugly and being a disgusting slob that clearly doesn’t shower, brush his teeth, wear fresh clothes, lets his neck beard grow out, etc.  I’ll wear my nice jeans and cowboy boots and tuck my shirt in, make sure my hair is clean and cut. It’s all I can really do, so that’s what I will do.  It’s not for attracting a woman. It’s so I don’t feel like a feral animal.
I wouldn't give up on your appearance. I would just lower my expectations, and not be too picky when it comes to guys. Just my $.02
> Hope is dragging you down. Kill it.  I feel like if my hope dies then any chances of me escaping will die with it.
Lmfao, there are others. Every damn time I go anywhere I think this way. Has it ever paid off, ever? Once? No. But it *cOuLD*!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It used to make me feel really good and that's the major reason why I've always done it,  even at home by myself when I'm not going anywhere. Now I get nothing out of it and it's starting to seem like a hindrance.   Maybe just taking a break for a month could help but I'm not sure.
Woww thnx I'm cured, ur such a smarty pants.
And that's the false promise of hope.  Hope is delusional thinking.  The hope for a highly improbable (approaching impossible) outcome is highly destructive.  Your misery is proof of it.  What you need to do is embrace an equally constructive delusion to replace that one.  Annihilate the hope for the impossible with a doom of utter certainty.  See, I started becoming constructively self-delusional.  I have taken in and entirely embraced the notion that I cannot be loved and will never find love.  I accept that love has to be a two-way street; reciprocated by both parties.  Since reciprocation is impossible (empirically proven from 46 years of living) it is completely beyond my control seeing as I cannot force another person to love me.  I'm like a blind person born without eyes or optic nerves.  I cannot be fixed and I must either accept my fate, learn to work around my defect, or end myself.  I am too chickenshit to kill myself, so I persist.  I don't bemoan what I cannot do because it is out of my control and any time or effort I put into trying to fix my problem is purely wasted.  I might as well fret about the weather or the motion of the universe.  It's wasted energy.  As longI am utterly and irreparably hopeless and know it, but that hopelessness doesn't extend past my affliction of being unloveable.    That entirely bleak situation, however, is countered by the fact that there ARE things I CAN control and I am apparently pretty good at them, as trivial as they may be.  I embrace and focus on those things, completely pushing the things I cannot help out of my mind at ALL COSTS.  Furthermore, I have found a way to be paid well to do what I do well and I can do it almost effortlessly.  I do it as a job.  That gives me resources to pursue the less profitable things that I can do and enjoy doing.  I do them and don't spend a moment worrying that nobody cares about them or my doing them.  I do them for me because nobody else will do them for me.  That, in itself, is a very basic kernel of self-esteem and I've built on it.  I've built on it to a point where I've become self-validating.  I no longer look for external affirmation.  I am good enough for me and that's all I ever can be or need to be.  In that respect, I am happy.  Happy is a relative thing.  Nobody can tell me I'm not happy and even if they do, I don't value their opinion in the matter since they had no part in it.     So stop the delusion of hope and embrace the certainty of failure.  Once you have failed and stopped trying, you can move on to use that time and energy towards things you can do.  Once you start doing things with success, the sense of self worth grows.
I mean, you're not wrong. You'd only need 1 success
Hey just being real. That's all. Seriously though, don't give up on your appearance. You'd be surprised how much it matters! Everything from jobs to relationships. Keep moving along, you'll be fine.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kja2i3/28m_never_been_in_relationship_forever_alone/
28 gay male here. I’m a career loner who’s literally never been in a relationship. Ever. Not even for a day.   I’m tired of being told that this is normal and ‘theres time’. Its a pathetic way to try to get me to feel better about this shitty situation and it doesnt work. I’m gay, not stupid. I’m well aware that it’s perfectly ABNORMAL for a 28 year old man to have never been in a relationship of any sort.   My friends, family, and extended family stipped asking me years ago about my situation because everyone knows how desperately lonely & pathetic I am, so theyve stopped questioning, luckily.   I could count the amount of times on 1 hand Ive been on a ‘date’ with a man- mainly cuz there’s no one for me to date.   Coming out at 18 I was eager, optimistic, and hopeful to meet other men. It felt like a new world was opening up for me. Then, over time, I realized that this world is not for me- it’s for you. And everyone else.  After a decade+ of experience, and thousands upon thousands of interactions IRL and online, you start to realize that there’s literally no gay people. Waaaaait, whaaat? Really?  Yes, really. Only 1-3% of the human population is gay. Can you even imagine what that’s like? This is not something straight people often think about- why would you?  Imagine that every single person you’re attracted to, is not attracted to your GENDER. Imagine every single guy you see in public- whether it’s at work, the bar, the groccery store, the gym- you have absolutely no chance with. They don’t even see me, cuz I dont have a pussy.   To add to the misery, I am not attracted to other gay men. I’m attracted to masculinity. Traditional everyday guys that you wouldn’t think are gay. This accounts for an *exceedingly small* population in the gay community- maybe 1-2%, tops. I jokingly call it the 1% of the 1%. Except it’s not so much of a joke.  I can load Grindr which has 200 guys, and be attracted to possibly about 1-5 guys on there. Lol. If it was a screen of 200 straight guys, at least 40% would be fuckable to me. It doesn’t matter what city Im in, either. This is the same experience everywhere. Cuz gays are gays no matter what section of the world youre in.   I could go on & on, really. But Ill stop there cuz my painkiller is kicking in.   And this is why Im forever alone. Thanks for listening.
26, Straight Male....never been in a relationship either (not even a date).  I am sorry you are going through life like that. As a straight man, I can't put myself directly in your shoes, but I do know something about the loneliness, hopelessness, and heartbrokenness.    I think I kind of disagree with you about the family....seeing my family and friends kind of give up thinking I could be with someone has kind of been depressing. Yeah, it is annoying coming from some uncles and my parents and stuff...but just some acknowledgement from my closest friends and family would make me think it is possible. I suppose it's crappy either way, tbh.  I hope you find somebody. It isn't easy being FA, especially in today's world. I sympathize with you, and I pray things turn around for you.
I am bisexual, so I have a very wide pool. Yet, somehow, I still ended up here...
Gay female here. Thank you for actually saying what I have tried explaining to people about the harsh reality of being immediately disqualified by someone before speaking to them due to gender alone.
I sympathize, but try being asexual and see what that's like.  I feel the need for emotional attachment just like anyone, but I can't have sex.  Good luck finding someone who's okay with that.  At least if I were gay people would understand that.  Most people have never even heard of asexuality.  The worst part is people calling you a liar or trying to "fix" you.  It's so depressing.
38, had one long distance girlfriend over half my life ago. It ended before we met in person. Thank goodness I can find joy in other aspects of life, bc omg would that suck if I couldn't.
Damn, im sorry to hear that man. Im curious, why do you think youve been single all these years? Physical appearance or something else?
I know. It is so difficult and nobody can seem to wrap their mind around it. Outside of the internet, I’ve never met anyone IRL who can relate, even other gays.
That must be awful. Im sorry your experience in life has also been tainted. Best of luck to you.
Tbh, for most of us...it is probably a combination of a lot of things. I never really thought that I was THAT ugly, although I have been overweight and definitely not attractive most of my life. I never thought I was too overweight, though. Lately, I think I've come to the realization that I'm pretty ugly and/or unattractive. I think that is fair, I just didn't quite realize the extent until now.   I'm a pretty social person when around people, but I can be pretty awkward and I'm kind of strange. I've been depressed most of my life. It is probably a combination of a lot of things. I don't think I could strike out with this many women and never have ANYBODY interested in me back without multiple problems.  &#x200B;  See....we are all here for some reasons. And, we can't put ourselves in each others shoes or blame anybody, in my opinion. I think we do all understand what it is like to be alone, though. We know what it's like to want to be with other people, know somebody we truly want to be with, and get our hearts crushed again and again and again. It's not easy.
>Best of luck to you.  You too.  I hope we both find someone to care about someday.  Life's a bitch when you're all alone.
As lil wayne once said in one of his songs, “Life is the bitch and death is her sister” 🖤
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kj5jxk/a_woman_from_my_job_gave_me_a_ride_home/
It was for the first time ever, and now I've learned to be more social. It was nice and she is beautiful as ever. I'm sure she is married but it was nice to get a ride and joke around for a bit
I take the same train as a coworker so we go home together every other day (when we are both at the office at the same). Although we don't have much to talk about, it's still nice spending some time with a woman like that.
Colleagues are most often great 0eople dont underestimate how much a good conversationpartner can do for your live.
>It was for the first time ever, and now I've learned to be more social  Well done fella for putting it down as good experience
Use this time to build confidence.  Hiding behind mask I was chitchating w cashier at store. The mask will give you some level of confidence to socialize.
I remember the time that I took the same train with a female friend of my course. It was really very nice to seat beside her and talk.   I was certain that she liked me too because she was always very close and one day we had a "date" and she hold my hand, but of course being the loser that I am I didn't do anything and now I regret it.
one of my co-worker is a late 30's married immigrant woman from China with kids and all. never interacted much with her but once she and I were just chatting and she set me up with one of her friends for a date! she is always on the look-out for me! lol.
i tought taht  it was nsfw for a sec
Definitely
Oh wow nice 😎
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kj5dyu/this_is_going_to_become_a_problem_huh/
I am a 21 year-old male. Having never been in a relationship and being a virgin is going to cause some problems down the road isn’t it? People are going to be scared off. I accidentally fell into the loner streak in college because I had to keep my grades up, and I was just starting to make friends when COVID-19 struck.   The last two semesters have been all online, so I had to go back to my hometown of 40,000 people in Wisconsin where I have no friends. Making matters worse is that I can’t find a place to live next year, so I’ll probably have to stay in my hometown for another semester, further burning any chances I have for connections.   This is a rut. I have no clue how I am going to get out of it. This pandemic may have just ruined my last shot.    Cool.
I don't see how in itself this is going to be a problem. You have shown an ability to make friends as you were starting to make them pre-covid. There is no rut that I can see, just one semester that won't be the most exciting at home, but that will pass. Being a late bloomer to sex is more common than one may think (I a friend who was 23 when it happened for her, she is attractive, well-adjusted and now  in a serious relationship). My mother was in her early 20s too when she had sex first. Also I have experience in loving a boy who was a virgin in his early 20s when we met and it didn't scare me off. I thought it was quite sweet and I was very happy to be his first.
[deleted]
I don't think you being a 21 year old virgin is going to cause problems down the road. The big issue for you is more the COVID situationstopping you from meeting people.  One thing in your favour is that you started to make friends at college which indicates that you are socially aware. When this pandemic sh\*tshow ends this will stand you in good stead as will your ability to be introspective.
Depend. Are you attractive? If you are, it won't be a big deal. If you aren't, it definitely could become a problem rather fast.
You have a little time yet. Sex isn't everything, and being in a relationship isn't everything.   I am 26 and pretty much in the same boat as you are now. My college years were pretty bad. I admit I'm not the happiest person, but as time has went on I've found other things to focus on, and I can usually do a pretty good job keeping myself ok.  I also live in Wisconsin now. So, others have been very close to where you were. I know some that have come out the other end, so don't loose hope and try to focus on other things that make you happy. Get through school, be kind to others, and know that you have support from those of us who know what it's like. Cheers and good luck, my friend.
Where abouts in WI? I was living near Milwaukee up until a couple weeks ago. Had to move back home because I quit my job and couldn't stand being alone out there. Anyway, you're young yet dude. You have plenty of time to escape. Wishing you the best.
We have very similar situations, almost the exact same. The pandemic may have ruined my chances as well, it’s fucked. The worst part is no one will accept it, they’ll just say it’s our fault.   Yep, it’s all on us that the global pandemic came out of nowhere and ruined our college experience.
Attempted suicide twice in the past year and being a 21 year old virgin deffo was a major factor in both attempts. Will be 22 next month and it's not looking any better. Can't attempt again because it I fail I'll be sectioned so all I can do is sit feeling shit about my situation because I've tried all the self improvement shite (gratitude lists, CBT, loving myself, gaining hobbies ect) and none of it helped.
Yes. Typically, 21 is when it starts to become a problem. Fortunately, you have yet to reach the point of no return, which is around 25-26.
That’s what I try to tell myself. But it seems like people associate early 20s male virgins with incels. Those freaks that are giving everyone a bad reputation.
[deleted]
My mom says I am attractive to younger women, but I know that means jack shit because...well...she is my mom so of course every parent thinks their own child is great.
Yeah I know. Fucking ridiculous.
I am 20 and I am considering suicide for a long time as well. Loneliness almost killed me too. I find Christianity and Stoic philosophy really helpful in my situation. Maybe try. I wish you the best you have a great value.
Yes, those, I have a book about men who hate women to give to my mama for Christmas and there's a chapter on them. It will only come up once you are at a point in dating where you're starting to have sex, and by that point you should be pretty comfortable with her and if she's a nice girl she won't be scared off, and know you well enough to know you're not a freaky incel. Lots of people it just doesn't happen for until later because of circumstance. I don't think any of the girls I know would be put off either, especially if they knew the guy in question to be nice after getting to know him. We also don't care as much as you might think about penis size, or body hair, or height, or anything else boys tend to be insecure about, not the nice girls among us anyway, and the rest you'd be dodging a bullet by avoiding anyway
As I mentioned in other comment. My suggestion is to just avoid the question, never bring it up, and if you are pressed, have a bullshit vague story about short term gf few years ago but you are really not a person to kiss and tell. Including your friends.  There is no way for people to know your bodycount unless you tell them.   Its just the prejudice of being a virgin you are trying to avoid, dont worry about the actual lack of experience, just mention you havent had sex in a while, might be a bit slow to get used to it again. But I have heard enough stories from my female friends of "chads" with huge body count that fucked like the only sex-ed they got was from bangbros.  Dont worry about that, you dont become a sex machine just because you had sex few times, and the same goes for other people. Again, its just the prejudice, not inexperience, you are trying to avoid.
You are that 1 in a 1000 rarity 😂 chics avoid virgins
Yeah my mom also says I'm quite attractive when in reality I'm average at best. She also doesn't think me having Aspergers is an issue when it comes to dating when it obviously is. So definitely take what your mom says with a grain of salt. Evaluating your own level of attractiveness is possible, but it does require to be very self aware.
Ah yes, the magical "Have a face only a mother could love". I know I am ugly, even if my mother tells me otherwise.
Honestly bro I think the first step to changing is to get off this sub. It’ll help your mindset change trust me
Do you think they can smell that you are a virgin. You'll have sex with one for the first time and maybe it will be slightly worse than usual for her. But thats about it and then its over.
Umm so what do you do about that? I see so many people saying how they don’t want anything to do with a virgin but when you’re ugly like me, you can’t even pay someone to have sex with you so how is it an ugly persons fault for being a virgin ?
They cant, thats why you dont admit it. Not even to your friends.  There is no way for people to know how many sexual partners you had unless you tell them. Thats why I suggest to always avoid the question, never bring it up, and if pressed, just have some bullshit story about having one girlfriend, for a few months, few years ago, that you mutually broke up with because you just didnt match that well. If people ask you about sex, just tell them you didnt date long enough to try a lot of things and that you dont kiss and tell.
It is not the ugly person's fault his/her genes turned out bad. And I don't know what you could do outside of plastic surgery. I know, for sure, I'm not getting someone inexperienced as me by age 25 (that would be the probable age I'd have enough money for surgery).
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kj21zn/this_place_makes_me_feel_worse/
No offense but, I don't know about you but staying here makes me feel worse. It's just that, double negative doesn't make positive here it just makes it more negative. I think I'll quit this subreddit for good. I think I'll "be PoSiTiVE" for some time guys. Farewell. Hope you get better.
If it bugs you, then you should definitely stay away. Block it or something.  Idk, being here or not doesn't make me feel any different.
See you in 2021!
That's why I go here. Trying to destroy the tiny bit of false hope I have.
Ok then. Best of luck to you.
Bye take care.
Can you live with tinted colorful glasses? Forget the shadows, coming from the abyss? Pretend all is fine, and don't need change? Ignore that which cannot be changed? If so, go live the dream. Ignorance is bliss.
I've been subscribed to this subreddit since 2013-ish. I don't really visit anymore, but I did back in the day, and I can absolutely attest to the idea that the more that you frequent this community, the more that you dwell on being lonely and the factors that play into that.  I've taken a step back several years ago, and even though my situation hasn't necessarily changed, not spending so much of my time in a community revolving around what amounts to a constant reminder of my personal failings helps. Even if you can't change your circumstances, you can take a step back from the things that remind you of them, and that can go really far in terms of bettering your quality of life.  Hope things get better.
I already know that I have to put in the work outside of the internet if I want things to change and have 0 expectations from random people on reddit.  I just look at it for what it is. Most people just come here to vent, and that is %100 fine and healthy. Because in the outside world, %99 of people dont want to hear about our struggles.
this sub makes me feel bettter
Yes, this place is an echo chamber
Whatever works best for you, that’s what you should do. I hope everything gets better for you 👍  I have to stay here because misery loves company.
I partly agree but I feel this sub mainly makes me feel worse because I keep hearing of people who have done even more than me and still have gotten nowhere which gives me less hope for ever finding anyone
Aren't you tired of being gaslighted by positive shills who've never struggled a day in their life?
Same. Destroy all hope, then it’s less depressing when you still fail.  There isn’t hope for me, or my future, only struggle and suffering.
if you are still feeling hope then i suggest clinging onto it and trying to do something. i am not expert on advice so i won't give you the usual hit the gym, eat right, hobbies bullshit, but maybe try seeing what problems you have and fixing them. there a lot of positive sides of the internet that can help you with problems you have, but more importantly books do help (sometimes, not always). i don't see why you should crush your hope by reading other people experience. we are all different and have different shit going on in our lives. just because some person got brutally rejected does not mean you will. the chances of you meeting the same person are slim. yes "collective thinking" exists, but some people think differentally. i am just saying that if you still have hope try doing something and give it a year or few years. if your life starts improving even slightly, that means your hope is justified and you may have a chance. if not, well you can come back here. this time you wont have any hope.
It just makes me remember bad times I guess.
This.  This is the only place where I feel comfortable in talking about my situation.
Just take a shower bro!
didn't really said that, because i have no idea what problems he has, but crushing ur hope on purpose is just bad idea.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kiozw0/im_officially_entering_the_stage_where_im_not/
I’m a 23 year old virgin with no friends. My family is becoming more and more vocal about the fact that I don’t have a girlfriend — especially my grandma. My younger brother has a serious girlfriend and I don’t. The shame that brings to me is something unexplainable. Never jealous, just absolutely shameful that I have no friends and no girlfriend at 23. All I can do is imagine me finding my way out of this mess, but all that happens is I begin to realize how sad it is that day dreaming about miracles is my only hope. I hope we all make it out. I really do. But for now, this sucks.
Yeah, I'm 27 in a similar boat, but my parents haven't put any pressure on me at all. I kinda wish they did: I'm nearly at the point of settling for this as my permanent state of being. Better luck, dude.
I’m a 30 year old virgin with no friends. Ugh...
That's one good thing about having Aspergers I guess. My family knows that I'm socially retarded and has never expected me to have a girlfriend or even friends even tho I'm 26 now.
23 year old virgin here, never even kissed a girl. I don't think I ever will, even if i had to opportunity how the fuck would I even do it... It would be just weird, uncomfortable.
I'm 22 and have never had a girlfriend too, and for now the pandemic makes it donkey-ass impossible to find one right now. I'm moving into a student dorm in April and that is really the only thing next year I am looking forward to. Maybe I meet someone nice, maybe I don't, at least I'll give it a try. I don't even care about having a girlfriend or not, nobody gives a serious shit about it dude. My university colleagues might gossip it a minute or to and never bother with it again. I myself don't want to "fight" to find a woman anymore, it has lead to me losing out on so many uncountable opportunities and accounted for nothing. I simply want to enjoy my last years at uni more socially and have a life besides studying. Worrying to find a woman is so tiring. I find it much easier to text girls on tinder or especially bumble (allows voice messages, which is 1000 times more comfortable than texting for me) expecting nothing more than to hang out and chat on the first date. Sure, the pandemic doesn't allow for much more anyway, but I mean I set my mind to it to expect not too much. It makes dating much more enjoyable. I am sick of having been ashamed of being a virgin. It doesn't make any substantial difference for my life anyway. I simply enjoy being around people and making new friends and deliberately looking for a girlfriend only messes stuff up for me. My family doesn't push me to anything, the offer me an arranged marriage if I fail to find a girl here, which I am very grateful for. I explain to them that I am grateful for the offer an kindly reject it now, but might come back to it later, they really appreciate it and wish me luck. I wish you good luck too bro.
Never have i related to a post this much.
I’m 26 (M) and never had a single date. Most of my “friends”/acquaintances from college are becoming inactive on Facebook and/or are forgetting about me. I only have a few friends from college that I play games with online. I work in a heavily male dominated industry, and I’ve been working remotely since March. I haven’t been to any place such as the cinema, zoo, or even a restaurant since March. The only times I see someone else is when I’m out hiking and I pass by another hiker. I’ve been trying online dating apps for over two years and haven’t had a single date, it’s just a hopeless waste of time swiping on girls who never swipe right on me.  I wish I could go back to freshman and sophomore years of college when I was much more hopeful, and I had some really great roommates.  My body will continue to age while mentally I’m stuck as a teenager in the awkward dating phase.
Yeah, when your family members actually starts to work out in their minds that you're some FA loser, it gets harder
23 and I accepted it.
I am 20 and same.
I have ten years on you.
Almost 28 and oldest of 3 sons. The 2 younger have had girlfriends.
Small steps. First work on finding some friends - then you'll at least have someone to commiserate with. Online friends are better than none - I got started just practicing holding a conversation on Omegle and worked my way up from there. Still talk to one of the people I met there. Do something every day, no matter how small, that moves you forward.  There's still hope at 23 but you don't have time to waste. Can't promise you'll escape - I haven't at 25 - but friends are a good cope at least.
21 F also with no friends or partner. Really sucks. I'm so lonely that I have gave up trying anymore cause my social skills are absolutely gone at this point
Yeah I'm 1 year younger than you and I'm in the same boat thankfully it's only my mum that puts pressure on me to get a girlfriend
You do you I’m never going to find anyone nor do I really want to my dreams are why I’m living
tell your family and grandma to fuck off about your private life
Dude u have plenty of time, 32 here lol
I would say you are still in the early late bloomer stage.  Most of my friends didn't lose their virginity until 23-24.  I think it's 25 where you are considered a late bloomer.  I myself am 30 and in your position and it's damn near impossible to get anywhere in dating because I have a disability,  I am extremely visually impaired and have some problems with memory and social skills.  Once you are 30 it seems that women see the lack of experience with dating, sex and relationships to be a huge red flag and won't even give you a chance even if they liked you initially.  I'm at that stage where it would be best to just find a hooker or something just for the sexual experience.  And then I will probably just make up some BS relationship experience that can't be proven if a girl ever asks about my past relationships.     My point is you have plenty of time.  As long as you are in your 20s you are good.
I've told everyone (except for a few) I know that I'm not interested in marriage and claim I'm Asexual. Is it true? No. But in an odd way it makes me feel better about my loneliness. No one see's my virginity as an issue anymore because they all assume I'm not interested in it which just makes everything feel so much fucking better. I know I'll never find a partner and the people who do know me well enough are surprised by the fact i don't try. Sure I make good money and I have experience in martial art and am relatively well built. At the end of the day I'm short (5'4 on a good day) and unattractive. Blaming women for not choosing me is such a lame thing to do because truth is, I wouldn't choose me too. However the fact no one looks at me with disgust or any sort of hatred is just nice. I've seen other virgins our age get torn to shred for being virgins and being judged before anything is known about them. But it's nice that I don't deal with it. I'm not encouraging you to use this shitty tactic to feel better about your life but consider it. I have many friends as well so I won't say I can relate with your struggle, but the fact most people only know a facade of who I truely am makes me feel very lonely often. Honestly, I know I'm doomed to die alone but I hope you find a girl who really loves you.
There are so many people that lose their virginity during their early 20s that I would say that 23 is just starting late bloomer territory.  Doesn't make it any less awful, I know...
Stop beating yourself up about it dude. That literally brings you nothing of value, and serves to hinder your progress instead. **23 IS NOT TOO OLD TO BE A VIRGIN**, no fucking way. It's 15% of the male population 20-25.  What are your biggest obstacles in the way?
Take a little comfort with your family. I know it is painful, we've all been there. I'm 26 and my friends and family don't even bring it up anymore. I'm pretty sure that, even my friends, kind of understand that I am pretty unattractive. I think they've just accepted I'm not going to have anybody as well.  If your family and friends are pushing you, it isn't right, but it should give you a little sense of hope. Just remember that your opinion of yourself is more important than theirs. I hope find somebody, or find something to make you feel better.
If it will make you feel better, first time I had actual sex, with a gf, was at 24. So don't despair.
Yeah man I'm approaching that territory myself. 20, almost 21 DKV here. Probably the only reason they don't talk about it is because my 21 yo sister is in pretty much the same boat. It's definitely hard when some of your friends are on their third or fourth girlfriend and you're stuck on a big fat zero.
I believe in you ,  you can do it. : c  Just make tiny steps ? :p
Ohh man do I remember this feeling...  You're fine. I am an arguably attractive female human and I was 27 years old before I lost my virginity (to a one night stand in Amsterdam ; it was awful too hahaha)  Honestly the best advice I can give to you? Is to relax a little, and - once the pandemic is over of course! - to get out a bit more. Not even with the goal of having sex, just travel and do things to broaden your horizons. Do the van life thing maybe, or go on a working holiday, volunteer... Anything that gets you out of your home and comfort zone and people who help you pigeon hole yourself . Also be open and honest with people, if that's not too anxiety inducing for you. People appreciate genuine vulnerability and they're more likely to understand than you'd think.   So yeah, mostly just relax! There is nothing you need to know about sex that you can't learn in a good fun week of trying with a supportive sexy partner 😊 👍
There are women out there that feel the same way you do, you just need to open up a little and find one. I know this pandemic makes it more difficult but you can still try interacting with women online. I'm more than sure you'll find someone or at the very least find a decent one night stand if you're down for that. and where do you live that's also a factor. Major city or small town?
You have to start practicing the skills you need to do those things. They won’t just happen on their own, this is true for everyone.   Set a goal of trying new experiences and meeting new people. It’s not important if you fail or succeed, the attempt is the success. Then go out and try to talk to people. You will fail and look stupid, but you’ll get better at it over time. There are plenty of socially awkward women and men and whatever other you might be that you should be able to have a relationship or two in your life.
[deleted]
when u choose to have sex is your business and your business only. 23 is incredibly young first of all, and putting your penis in someone else's vagina will not make you suddenly a billionaire.  Try to think of sex as an expression of love. That's what I do. I look at sex as a way I express my love. And I haven't found anyone I want to commit to, for the rest of my life so how exactly would I express my love? I have to wait till the right person is comes into my life and then I can show that person, my love, physically.  As for making friends - it's hard right now with the pandemic. But after the pandemic, join clubs, join activities, hobbies that involve multiple people. Do some creative class (dance/yoga/martial arts/etc) where you will meet people and then once in a while, say "hey u wanna have dinner/lunch/see that movie". That's how ull make friends.
Nah dude it's okay I never dated once and I'm 18,also 23 is not too late, it is normal to day dream these days
[deleted]
This is extremely sad go out and make some friends good lord
Same, 42M virgin. I dont know how this happened but im still drowning my Demons.  jk im 15 and just got done fking my gf
I'm 25 and i more or less accepted the fact that i'll stay forever alone (acceptance doesn't make it less painful tho). The fact that even the people around me that have plenty of relationship experience are struggling to sustain a relationship for a long period in the current dating scene makes me even more pessimistic about it somehow.
I have no fucks left to give and I don’t care but I honestly think there’s a 0.00001% chance deep inside the corner of my mind that I actually still think im an ultra late bloomer.  And im scared I’m setting myself up for disappointment cuz I read comments from people who commented that they didn’t care in their 20s and then they got a second wave of depression in their 30s.
Realistically, what would them giving you "pressure" even accomplish? Would it suddenly make you attractive or be able to talk to women correctly? No. Count your blessings.
Oof it gets worse and worse at 27
I respect the struggle
29 going strong.  Feel you
Same
Many girls out there who haven't kissed a guy yet! When the opportunity comes you just do what feels natural ma friend. Don't hollywood your life too much
Is arranged marriahe still a thing? lol
I notice from reading your comment that you have a great mindset. Keep it up. I think the best chance any of us have is to just enjoy social interactions for what they are, not trying too hard to seek anything and just see what happens. Most people who met someone have had a similar mindset. Good luck
I don’t know if that’s a good or bad thing, but regardless, I’m glad you were able to see you’re not alone.
I respect the struggle
Maybe the pressure of being the oldest has made it harder? The oldest has a greater weight to carry than the younger sibling (s). Hang in there. 💞
Same. I realised I am in the shit when I was 23, now I am 25 and just clinging on to the last piece of hope for something to happen before I turn 26.
Agree, having friends helps develop social skills and perspective. Also, not having friends sets off alarm bells in many people's, mainly normie's, minds. Having said that if OP has good relationships within his family and socialises regularly with them then that can be seen as a positive.
Don't be so sure. A decade goes by in the blink of an eye. It feels like only a couple of years ago I was in my early twenties and took comfort in the "plenty of time" thing. I'm now in my early thirties and nothing has changed.
Thanks for the support. I somewhat agree on the late bloomer thing and hope you’re right. My string of rejections started in elementary school. Any girl I ever liked back then, I was ballsy as hell and always got rejected. I told myself I had plenty of time. However, as I continue to live life I see that absolutely nothing has changed in that aspect of my life. As a kid I told myself in high school it would get better. In high school I told myself in early adulthood it would get better. Here I am and it’s still crickets. Not only romantically, but friendship wise, I’ve experienced a string of betrayals and lost every person I ever once thought would be permanent. It’s easy to fall into a negative mental thought loop, especially seeing people my age dating and settling down. I’ve lost past friends because they got girlfriends and the girlfriends urged them to stop seeing me. I’m not a bad looking guy. Things are just tough, but I will keep moving forward. Thanks for your comment
>first time I had actual sex, with a gf  'actual'? 'with a gf'? Sorry but those use of words in that sentence sounds odd. What do you mean when you say "actual"?
“Supportive sexy partner” come on now... catch the vibe lady..that’s exactly the problem the “supportive sexy partner” or “partner” isn’t attracted to him..that’s the problem..that’s even the whole premise of this sub..but hey you’re an attractive woman like you say so you can never really understand him or feel what it’s like to be in his reality for a split second and I don’t blame you for it..I’m glad you’ll never have to...
hugs are better than exchanging fluids
How do you know he's going to be fine? He could equally experience my fate of reaching 33 without losing virginity or having a girlfriend. Makes me laugh how people think other people's experiences will mirror their own.
Who the hell are you??
Yeah, I read a lot of posts on reddit, and sometimes I feel thankful to be alone. I don't know what I would do if I got cheated on, left, or mistreated after all the effort it would take to get into a relationship. Think it would be too much to handle. Single life isn't fun, but it's better than being in a bad situation.
Yeah, 30s, here we come!
Idk: maybe it would encourage me to fail more lol.
yeah
29 here too. 10 months and I'll be a 30 year old wizard virgin.
Ohh yes absolutely! From Marrakesch to Malaysa and all the way inbetween arranged marriage is THE state-of-the-art way to find a partner lol
I appreciate it.
It's really such a depressing birthday. As late as 24 you can tell yourself that your 20s have only just begun, but at 25 you become so very aware that the next milestone is 30. Wishing you the best.
Good point. I had that mindset in elementary and high school, even being 18, 19 and 20. Then you see time flying by and nothing changes. You actually see yourself slowly deteriorating as well which makes it even harder.
I feel like we have similar back stories.  In elementary and high school I was picked on for having bad eyesight among other things.  Even in high school I had girls tell me literally straight up that I am a nice guy and that they would date me if I wasn't me.  Roughly translates into "if you weren't so uncool that me dating you wouldn't damage my social status I would date you but since you are you and you are not popular and you are disabled I won't date you"  I definitely missed a bunch of opportunities in college though that's for sure I am a little emotionally stunted.  I have a neurological disorder that has a side effect of being kind of immature.  Mostly I'm just a goofball but since I haven't had any romantic experience and am 30 I still feel like I am 16 and still consider people in their 30s and up "old" even though that's my age.  I kind of hate myself for saying this but I am into younger women like 18-25 basically college age girls so no pedo or anything.  I just relate to these people more.
Idk if that last part was true, if you think other people tell their partner not to see you it's possible you developed a disorder like borderline where you feel rejected and abandoned intensely. The other things you mentioned are similar to what I experienced, and only recently at 24 I learned I have borderline tendencies. Good luck...
I had been to a prostitute before...(yes shame. I know)
Also I'm still single as , with a 14yr old one eyed cat & a stray I'm feeding/grooming to be the latest addition to the family 😂 Just because I've been laid now doesn't mean I've been loved? So I'm still #foreveralone & fitting the premise of this sub just fine 👍
Right but obviously that wasn't always the case? Or I wouldn't have made it to 27 years of age without a single sexual interaction... Physical attraction is only one aspect of a whole, and we all know plenty of people who aren't conventionally attractive who find partners and love.  Like I said I have been there, and just because I am now different doesn't negate my experience and advice.   Now granted it's been a long time since I was an overweight teenager with glasses and braces but for a long time the mentality (and lack of physical attributes) stayed with me long into adulthood. What eventually changed was that through a serious of sudden life events I was forced to work on myself, and through that process I let go of a lot of anxiety and neurotic bullshit that I'd been letting hold me back, and I started actually living my life instead of playing video games all night alone and sleeping all day. At the end of the day my long enforced celibacy wasn't about anything other than me, I thought I was being rejected and left behind but the truth is I wasn't putting myself out there and chasing after anything either. I just sat in my life passively and expected it to change around me, and that's not how it works unfortunately, but I was lucky enough to realise that and so that's the advice I'm giving - break out of your comfort zone, explore the world and people without looking for sex specifically and just see what happens 🤷🏼‍♀️
Give her a break, she was a virgin until 27, she's definitely entitled to post here. I think she's just saying that OP will be able to pick things up quickly when he finds a supportive partner. The things she's suggesting to the OP do sound exhausting to me having done loads of things like that with disappointing results, but they're probably worth doing if you haven't
Really ?
Especially when the hole feels impossible to climb out of already.
Being single definitely has its perks. You can go wherever you want whenever.  Looking back at times I had the luxury of hanging out with people, however the hell that happened, there was always a moment of feeling annoyed or bothered by people. Perhaps a stupid topic came up as a conversation and you had to sit through it. Or you got stuck with them at a loud restaurant that sucked and couldn’t leave because you got a ride with someone else.  Or there was one obnoxious guy friend some chick brought along when you went out bowling as a group or something and he just wouldn’t shut up and was immature, and you couldn’t wrap your head around why the girls just thought he was so special.     I can’t think of one time I was hanging out with people where I felt at all recharged or better in anyway after.
😂 turning 26 in 2 weeks. I know exactly what you mean feels like a mid life crisis.
The sad thing is, if I had a chance to re-live my teenage years, I'm still not sure I'd be able to do anything differently. I just don't think I'm wired the same way most people are.
Oh, that makes more sense. No shame in that, really. But, we got to be careful in this sub when people moan about not having a GF/BF but still was easily validated by sleeping around (excl. hookers of course).
I’ve definitely been trying. I just finished my first semester in college. What I learned about myself is that people tolerate me, and even seem to enjoy my company, I just feel a weird disconnect. I make attempts to create friendships and they seem to turn them down in a subtle way. I feel awkward around girls too. My lack of past experience feels like a demon that haunts me. I’m a fairly good looking guy who is eccentric and doesn’t have much in common with people. I’ve been working a ton on myself and will continue to. Faced a lot of demons already, live a healthy spiritual life and was on NoFap for over a year. I see me climbing out of my situation as a quest and it honestly gives me something to live for everyday ironically. My life has so much meaning despite my situation. I felt the need to vent here last night because I was down and it always makes me feel better knowing people can relate. Thanks for your comment. I appreciate it.
Oh wonderful your an absolute genius!!!!!! I never thought about that!! Who would’ve thought!! You just came up with the most unique and brilliant advice ever ..what a genius you are!!
It's never impossible but it does seem to get harder the older you get and the more set into your ways you become.
You can't think of ONE time where you hung out with someone and didn't regret it? So you were just accepting their invitatations out of courtesy or something?   You're on this subreddit, yet you seem to hate the idea of people lol.
If i knew what i know now back then i would definitely have tried to talk to more girls even tho i might not have been picked.
I understand that some may misinterpret my comments, but I would be a proper douche taking about casual sex to such sub.   I only write here every now and then, cause at my current age I feel I did decently in dating, yet my first date and kiss was at 19 with someone that didn't even like me, then mostly I had rejections, or random few days to a week or two things but no sex. (Consider though, I was in uni, in a very student city. So with some effort from my side, I managed something). Until 24. And then again, breakups, rejections, being cheated, good moments etc.   The most important aspect here to take is this though. What was the biggest obstacle, was myself. My self image, self love and confidence. That changed a bit not because of having sex but rather when I hit bottom when I broke up, I was unemployed in a foreign country and I was scared shirtless. Yet I worked in things, I struggled, and when I had a moment to look myself I felt proud and good. And I wasn't searching anymore. I said fuck it. I did my thing, went for my MSc, joined the local football (soccer) team, partied, did my thing.  So I'm not trying to patronise, but many users I believe are rather young, and despair for not having had sex by 20! So that's my point. As long as they work on themselves, love themselves, do their own thing, and socialise a bit, everything will come. Of course this is not a one-size-fits-all advise. Each molds it to themselves.
What can I say, clichés exist for a reason 🤷🏼‍♀️
Sure there were good times but unfortunately for me the negative experiences far outnumbered the positive ones.
That was sarcasm..and what cliches..what are you getting at
My oh my, really, I couldn't tell... 🙄🙄
I knew you could tell
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kj318u/the_difficulty_and_the_amount_of_relationships/
Call me pessimistic but when I see couples go through shit it's like oh what else is new? I know everyone's situation is different but it reconfirms my belief how tough it is to be in a loving relationship . I don't consider myself to be bad with the opposite sex but its the shit that comes with it when you're pursuing or in a relationship.  Happy couples don't make me jealous at all, I'm glad they found someone.  Its when I see things going south that gets me riled up. Others probably have it coming to them but it's like why is everyone experiencing the same shit? Is that bound to happen to me to? I probably pay too much attention to the negative but knowing how common it is for  people to have trouble in relationships has me feeling doubts about myself when I get into one.
What's a relationship that "doesn't work"? You spend 1, 2, 5, 10 years or more with someone and then break up and automatically it means the relationship "didn't work"? As far as I'm concerned, barring abusive / shitty partners, there is nothing wrong with being in a relationship for X amount of time and then breaking up and it certainly doesn't mean the relationship "didn't work".
[deleted]
Almost every person who has had one or more relationships has experiences of being with the wrong person, it really is trial and error until they find the right one. Very few people have ever had just the one relationship that has ended happy ever after.
No relationship comes easy, and they all require some kind of hard work. Yea of course there are cases where things go good and it's "easy", but even then you might end up breaking up.  What many don't realise is that a good relationship required two people and the thought of "becoming one" is in fact destructive. It is also important that each one is happy by themselves and/or work on that. If not, that can burst in various forms in the relationship.  But the fact that many relationships don't work or even if they do there will be a time when they end, does it mean that we should be pessimistic? No :) it's the good parts we should focus on and cherish.
I would probably be terrible at dating for some of the same reasons I never dated. So, in  a way this kind of thinking makes me feel better about never have dated because even if I managed to get in a relationship I would probably be dumped and maybe even feel worse than before.
Every relationship comes to an end eventually. And so every relationship ends with suffering.
Well said
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kisqd9/interested_in_helping_out_maybe_someone/
25 M . Third world country, broke, nothing to offer (I never played games, could not develop a taste in music, no movies) dad forced me into a academic, I couldn't handle. Failed. Ugly so no one comes near me. Couldn't afford a haircut. I have 2 T shirts and sweatpants, and a few clothes mom bought for me for a relatives weddings. A lot of emotional baggage. I am still a student. I love memes and a lot stuff on reddit, but I don't know how to make good memes. Haven't spoken to a single person irl for years except mom and dad. Family has money, but dad won't let me join a gym, get a pet or some fucking decent clothes. Well I don't hold a grudge. Mom and dad are uneducated and orthodox, but they love me. I have a laptop Internet and a android. I may be like a boomer in using technology. I want someone to teach me how to use basic apps and maybe make some memes. All I have is unconditional love, kindness, friendship no one ever wanted. Maybe imagine a beautiful face being your friend. Please any good samaritan teach me the ways of the world. I have some hope in humanity. I've seen people adopt sick and weak animals and they heal. I can assure you I will be ever indebted to whoever adopts me and be a great friend till my heartbeat stops :(  PS : Sorry for the bad English.
I would say forget about the memes it just a waste of time like playing  video games and I play video games  , look for more socially oriented activities  you are still young but you shouldn't waste more time because once you get to 30 everything gets worse (I'm 31)
Your English is a lot better than a lot of the people born in English speaking countries.
I'm no good at making memes and stuff, but if you just want to chat with someone when you're bored my DMs are always open, friend.
there are meme makers online and a nice free photo editing software called "gimp" with tons of how to videos on youtube. lots of free software and google are your best friend at making memes. always up to help a dude out.
Go around on the streets and help people out, people love nice people. You'll meet some good kind-hearted people that way.
Can you join the military?
Thank you for the heads up. I will try to involve in social activities but as I said.. The big Ugly and unkempt appearance, but actually was useful this year for social distancing lol.
Thanks to the Internet and all the kind people like you  ;)
Thanks! That means a lot to me.
I always wanted to make some good memes. Thank you!
You're  welcome ,  and you can still do memes just I dont recommend you to make it a focus in your life that's all .  I'm ugly too and from a third world country , and I neglected the social aspect of life now at my age I regret not doing a lot of things , just my honest opinion.
your very welcome, its a pop art form, youtube is your friend and a great teacher you can pause. Gimps is a free photoshop copy. and their are tons of tutorials for the basics. and you learn from trial and error. start with simple eraser tools and text tools to remove words and add words. then you be doing digital photo editing before you know it. and dont get upset you dont have irl friends. im 45 and ive got 20+ year virtual online friendships that are stronger then family. we learn we adapt we overcome.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kippum/its_super_presumptuous_to_think_that_anyone_would/
I don't know how people do it.   Today I had to get blood drawn. The person who did it was a sweet woman who made small talk with me to make me feel at ease. I know she was only being polite and doing her job, but since I don't have a lot of contact with females, it makes it all the more special to me.   After I left, I started thinking to myself: what if there was something there? What if she wasn't just being personable, what if she was *flirting*? I started interpreting everything differently in retrospect. What if she was lonely like me? What if I asked her out? What if she wanted to spend the holidays with someone? Maybe this could have been the start of something. Maybe this was finally my chance.  I brushed it off immediately. This is the type of self-delusion I've indulged in all my life. It's incredibly presumptuous to think that 1) she wasn't already in a relationship (the good ones always are), 2) that she found men attractive (how can we assume orientation anymore?) or 3) that she would even consider me (a lowly piece of trash) an option. More likely than not, I would have made her uncomfortable and made a fool of myself in the process. It's all just so far-fetched and stupid. I feel like an idiot for allowing myself to think otherwise.   I don't know. I think I was born missing a gene or something.
I understand where you're coming from, but I wouldn't go as far as you. If you haven't been successful in the past, you can't expect every girl being nice to you is attracted to you. However, I think this kind of thing has always been difficult for men, but cultures have changed to make striking out less forgiving. The best anybody can do is try to read the situation as best we can, unfortunately for us some men do it better than others and get burned less. Maybe with some education and practice, we can get better?
[deleted]
>More likely than not, I would have made her uncomfortable and made a fool of myself in the process.  I mean, if you wrote your number on a paper and gave it to her just before leaving I don't really see what's the worse that could happen. Not that I'd do anything like that mind you, but I think some normies would do it without thinking twice and don't give a shit if they don't hear back from her (which would happen 90%+ of the times).
But he said he immediately shut all those thoughts down. It was his hope and awareness and also the overthinking in when he thought that but that's just what humans do.
That puts her in the position to be the assertive one/make the first move. Not a good play. It risks rejection but it’s better to ask her for her number.
Yes, that's true. And we can't assume anything, only he was there and made a judgement call. I am definitely not good with that...so maybe him getting rid of all hope is pretty extreme? In this case may have been warranted, don't know....  I do think all men can strive to be better at this and prepare, so when an opportunity does arise, we can seize it instead of not seeing it. And, when there is no opportunity, we save ourselves some heartbreak and some sadness. I guess that's best case scenario.
[${URL}] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6o7JIPUo1Y&t=31s

No one will ever touch a woman to ask for directions that's asking for trouble.
Yeah, I used to watch videos like that: sadly, they just enforce the incorrect belief that love finds a way. It doesn't: we are proof of that.
i hate gen Z
I'm getting the feeling this is pure cope.
Sadly, this is the truth. But it won’t do much to alleviate the problems of the ppl of this sub.
Is is true. You truly have to work for it. Unless you are attractive. Then people work to get your affection.
I know that might be some peoples experience and I can’t deny it but I still have a little bit of hope in me and I’m gonna keep going, at least just for a little longer
yeah, I wish I was attractive haha
Nobody works for it. Literally nobody. The overwhelming majority of those who work hard for it never get anywhere.   Listen. The sad reality is some people are effectively blacklisted from any kind of love, affection, romance and intimacy in life.
Keep hope if it helps you cope, but do not let hope be the drive of your suffering; hope only lengthens the agony of men. Remember, if hope is hauling you down, kill it.
yeah, I have hope for you too. Best of luck.
Thats kind of true. I watch animes to distract from the pain.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kip9ye/nothing_like_being_alone_around_friends/
I know some people on here feel like they have nobody and I don’t wanna make them feel excluded or try to out do them but I feel so crippling alone even with my most supportive friends. I know I’m lucky in this regard. But I feel so alone even around them. I’m a 24 virgin so I know that plays a big part but godamn there’s never a time i feel well. And I hate the fact I rely on women’s attention for some type of self worth but I just want a connection with somebody someone to hold so bad my god some people don’t know how good they have it
I feel homeless living in my house.
Are your friends more successful attracting women than you? It's painful when you're out with your friends with their gf's and you're the spare wheel. Even worse, being in a club where all your friends are making out with a girl while you are left hiding in despair in a corner.
Do you friends know you're FA? I don't have friends IRL, but I feel like I would be uncomfortable being around them if they didn't know I was FA.
Get this I went over to three friends house in a row and someone was having sex in their room and could hear it I just drove back home 3 hours
Ooooofffff. Yeah that's hard to handle when that happens. What time of day was that?
Crashed at a friends house started in the morning then afternoon for the other two lol it was like getting chased I couldn’t get away
Did you tell your friends why you left?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kiipo4/anyone_else_get_zero_matches_on_dating_apps_all/
There are many posts about guys lamenting the fact that they get nowhere with their matches and getting ghosted but how many other guys here constantly get zero matches no matter how many things you change? It's kind of a brutal feeling lool.  I'm not entirely sure why I try since I already know what the results are going to be from previous experiences but there's a desire for the validation in the back of my mind that usually ends up overriding logic and leads to me "giving it a go" again. Of course, only to end up being absolutely depressed about it for a while again lol.   (This isn't a gatekeeping post btw, I'm just wondering if there are other guys in the same situation as me)
Effectively zero since every match, what few there are, is either a bot or some model trying to get subscribers.
Depends on what app you're using. Tinder I wouldn't ever ever bother with unless I was over 6'0 and built. Bumble is slightly better, but you can only message after they have and most of the time they don't message first. POF is great; if you like bots spamming you to remind you how you've reached the bottom of the barrel and how alone you are. I've personally vowed to never get back on dating apps until I've come up with a new strategy and really reinvented myself and only as an absolute last resort before going back to forever ever lonelyland.
i get matches every now and then, but when you message they either ignore or just fucking unmatch.
I got some matches, but out of them, I clicked with one only until they stopped talking to me abruptly.
I was on Tinder for 2 years.   Never got  any matches,even with gold. LOL
Oh, I get matches. They just happen to be sweaty foreigners who copped the profile photo off google images. Please, if you're going to impersonate a midwesterner on a dating site, at least learn some of the lingo and remember spelling and punctuation are important.
By a very generous estimate there are 8 men per every woman in dating apps  Going days without matches messed really hard with my self esteem, that's why whenever I get the urge to try again I only give it a day if I don't get any I just uninstall
I have zero matches in real life. I can't be bothered with an app.
That’s why I deleted them
FB Dating worked for a few weeks (still didn't get a date though) but then it went dead. I can't wait until COVID fucks off so I can try out the real world.
There are twice the amount of men than women on dating apps. There are women without matches too. It’s also a brutal feeling.
Me. I'm also female. :'( Edit: woops. Guess I should have read your post. You were talking to guys. Sorry.
I recently got back on the dating apps (Hinge, Tinder, Bumble). I got two matches! And got ghosted by both of course.  Really, dating apps are a huge waste of time. I'm convinced that at least 1/3 of the women on tinder aren't even real people. That, and at every turn they try and strong-arm you into paying more. Fwiw though, my more attractive friends struggle on those apps too.
i dont even bother downloading the apps in the first place to avoid feeling like shit,
I have some likes on OkCupid, though I haven’t found any mutual (and I’m not paying to find out who has).  Bumble and Hinge, however, I have 0.
Bots, scammers, and catfish...
I get a handful of matches but I never hear from any of them.
Yes.
Worst is I use to get 10 matches everyday six months ago but now with my new account but similar profile in different city I rarely get any. Fuck Tinder’s algorithm
https://youtu.be/90q94bKix80  This will explain everything you need to know.
Even the glory holes want you to be over 6' tall. lmao
^^ this exactly
Yes, same experience
I'm not doing the dating app thing, but I played around on Whisper and I got multiple guys trying to sell me weed.  (Illegal in my state)  Wished for: I'm secretly surrounded by exhibitionist women  What I got unsolicited: Weed dealers  What I mostly saw: lots of whining.  Its the whining app.  "My neighbor's dog pooped on my yard and the police wouldn't do a DNA test to prove the culprit and I'm so mad"  "I can't believe my neighbor on the HOA board got away with painting her house a different shade of beige from all the other houses and I'm so mad"  Was not impressed with whisper and don't use anymore.  Wasn't interesting.  Can you buy weed on dating apps?  Ironically I do not smoke weed so its of no use to me although I am casually curious.  If hot girls can promote their insta, surely dudes could promote their ... small business.
Days? Try months
It sucks becasue it's the way most people my age meet
How does FB dating even work? Does it force you to link your actual profile? Or is it just like any other app?
guys will right swipe on a blank image with a female name. I have a hard time imagining a girl having no matches
It's fine lol
Most dating apps prefer people who are looking for quick hookups, as most people these days use them for that purpose, and those people keep coming back to use them for that purpose. The people actually using them for a relationship only rarely uses those apps, and the algorithm drops those people in the ranking as they most people do not match with them
You ever feel like there's some women that go on there just to see if they'll get matches with no intention of going anywhere jus like ego boost? I've thought about that alot I don't know any guy who hasn't been ghosted more than not
Months? Try years!
Have to have a profile to use it but it doesn't show to anyone on your friends list or the feed.
You don’t need to imagine. I am one of these people.
Oh, absolutely. No doubt it my mind.
I'm a coach in a kids sports league and the national organization thought they fixed the "social media fraternization" problem by forbidding coaches from doing social media with the older student athletes.  And it worked pretty well.    Until FB dating.  Supposedly FB dating goes crazy when it sees coaches and students spend an awful lot of time together and have common interests but have never met officially on FB.  So now all the girls on the team have their number one FB dating suggestion being this physiotherapy college volunteer coach.  Lots of gossip once the parents found out who FB is trying to set up dates with.  None of the kids on either side never did anything wrong; well the girls with fake birthdays, kinda, sure, but nothing really wrong.  Its becoming a real problem.  I worked at a place in the early 10s that forbade managers and direct reports from friending each other on social media to keep things at a distant professional level; I bet FB dating algorithm would get pretty excited about those "couples" too.
you're a girl with no matches?
>I worked at a place in the early 10s that forbade managers and direct reports from friending each other on social media to keep things at a distant professional level; I bet FB dating algorithm would get pretty excited about those "couples" too.  These are valid concerns and one of the many reasons why I despise most highly populated social media networks like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram etc. I do think we'd be better off without it ultimately. People use the excuse of "keep up with friends" but, whilst I am still young, I am also old enough to remember communication before mass social media and I very much preferred it! I talked to my friends and went out with them more then before the internet and smartphones became a second nature to people.
Correct.
are you overweight?
67% of adults in my country are overweight. Does that mean we are all not deserving of a match? Or a conversation?   I’m actually slightly disabled and highly educated. I live in a really insular state and ableism is widespread so I don’t really ‘fit in’ anywhere.
what is your disability if you don't mind sharing?
I use a walking stick for mobility. I only have a noticeable limp if I’m in pain. I’m not disfigured or visibly deformed in any way. But that walking stick is enough of a difference apparently.
well feel free to PM me if you wanna talk more
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kiqcri/how_has_this_year_treated_you_guys/
I don’t know if this is a brag or just plain sad but my life has not changed a whole bunch since this whole pandemic started. Other than the fact that I was unable to return to work my life’s roughly stayed the same. I was and still am an introverted person who hardly left the house before and now that’s only “heightened” so to speak. I have completely become a mole person and I only leave my room to walk my dogs daily around my neighborhood and go Costco shopping every two weeks. I say my room because I am in my room 75%+ of the day, the other 25% is me in the kitchen.
At the start of this year I was making a lot of effort to be more social and stop being such a hermit. You can guess how that turned out.
Worst year of my fucking life, even without the pandemic. I would basically have to get cancer or lose a limb for 2021 to be worse.
My social life is the same it has been: next to nothing, so no changes there. The situation at my job has gotten a lot worse as i felt the amount of work has increased dramatically whilst (officially) working less hours so as a result i'm always drained. But maybe you could say, lucky i got a job at all, i don't know. Overall i'd consider this year a huge fail.
2020 hasn't been too bad for me. During the first lockdown I found motivation to work out again and outside sports were never prohibited where I live. Even if I'm 'only' 22 this is also the year where I've started to accept FA. If that's my destiny hell so be it. But if that's the case, I'm gone when my parents are too.
I'm in Australia, from a state that had a very strict border shutdown, so we have no cases since May.   My social life didn't change, even though I made a lot more of an effort this year. May as well just stop trying.
I told myself "this is gonna be your year!" I was planning on throwing myself into far more social situations, even ones I was uncomfortable with, to increase the chances of meeting someone. I was making good on that and actually managed to get three dates via Bumble after rejuvenating my profile and swiping daily. I'm an artist, and had a major solo exhibition lined up, too. I wasn't able to land any second dates, but still, I was having great luck relative to how things normally are with me. Then COVID hit. Income dried up, solo exhibition was cancelled, all social venues shut down, and to top it all off my 20-year old cat died.  But months of sitting on my ass has left me raring to get out and do... anything. When COVID finally starts to subside, I will throw myself into trying new things, going out, learning to handle feeling embarrassed in public, etc. I can't spend my last 40-50 years doing nothing and getting nowhere, following the same pattern. There's a list of stuff I always wanted to try and I'm gonna start doing as much of that list as I can in 2021. I've always wanted to try a sensory deprivation tank, and it's not terribly expensive or hard to access for me, so that's first on my list.
Been fairly good. I finished a one year contract and then got a permanent job without even having to really look for it (a job agency did the work for me). Remote work thanks to COVID is amazing, hopefully it'll still be a thing in my company even once the pandemic is over (not going to be before a while anyway). Also met a good online friend on reddit.  So overall a nice year, although obviously I had zero opportunity to find a gf and expect the same for 2021.
The worst I've ever been.  It's been like that each year since 2008.  I have no reason to think 2021 will somehow not surpass 2020 as the worst year in my entire miserable life.
It's honestly treated me great. Working remotely suits me fine, and now nobody asks questions if I work late at night and go mountain biking while the sun shines. I'm probably in the best physical shape of my life as a result lol. My friends living in other parts of the country have no excuse not to text me now so if anything I'm more sociable than I used to be.  If not for the happy couples out jogging to remind me of what I'm missing out on it'd be darn near a perfect year. Not sure I like that my perfect year is the normie's nightmare but nothing I can do about that really.
Fucking awful, I thought things were getting better in my life in the first few months (january-april) but everything pretty much went wrong and ofc with the coronavirus and lockdown and friendmaking becoming almost impossible and people I thought were my friends abandoning me, what can I say, it pretty much sucks right now.
This year was about the same as the last few years. Go out shopping a couple times a week. Take my father to his doctor appointments.
Everything I can influence is going amazing. Everything else sucks ass.
I've fallen into a deep hole of loneliness. On the other hand, I've become situated with my job that I started last year, despite threats of layoffs, so I can't say it was all bad.
Was dumped in a strange way, spun out, and went into therapy. Work from home p/t. Lonely to the bone. Scared how I feel. Had plans to improve my social network then Covid.
Finally asked a girl out and said she owes money on her phone bill. Haha loser I guess.
Life wasn't good before but man this year killed me
Like shit. i lost all of my friends and now i have nobody to talk to :(
I also had plans to do something for myself this year but nope...
Same.
I’m doing work from home with the internship and and there’s just no delineation from work and home and we have weekly meetings on weekends and it’s just ridiculous
Right on. I’m glad 2020 has been a positive for you! I’m also working remotely for an internship and besides the unnecessary weekly Zoom check ins it’s been fine.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kimnqo/did_college_make_you_more_or_less_social/
I keep telling myself that college will force me to make more friends and even a relationship if I'm lucky, but in reality I think I will become even more of a loner. Big classes where no one knows your name and countless hours of studying needed to maintain grades just seen like being a loner is recommended.
100% less social. I already had zero friends in high school, but college was way worse for me and I wasted 5 years or my life there.
It made me less social for sure. That's the thing you need to look out for, college won't force you to do anything. You're on your own and it's up to you to put yourself in situations where you interact with those around you and form connections. I enjoyed my time in college overall but I do regret that I didn't take advantage of more events or clubs that would have pushed me to be more social. I take it you're not in college yet so heed my warning and don't take the loner route.
I was lucky my roommates freshman year dragged me out with them along with a couple others from our floor and we all still talk occasionally to this day.   On the other hand, it was hard socializing within my computer engineering major since there were a lot of commuters and very socially awkward people. I know other people in business, poli sci, pharm, health sciences, and bioengineering to name a few majors where they had massive group chats and would host parties or events every so often. My major had nothing like that which was pretty disappointing from not only a social standpoint, but also networking for once we graduated.  I played a club sport which took up a lot of time and obviously didn't have any women, but I became closer friends with some of my teammates and we'd occasionally go out and eat and stuff like that. My sister went through a bunch of different clubs until she found one she liked and made a lot of friends and met her boyfriend there so that route worked out for her.
My social circle has expanded but I've become more aware of the fact that I'm a loner who doesn't get invited to a lot of parties and isn't into a lot of circles. I guess I've become more social and more socially dependent and fragile at the same time.
More, although not enough. Group projects, small classes, studying together, clubs. I had a better time in college than in high school.
For the most part, college was a fucking social nightmare for me. My social anxiety kicked into overdrive and the fear of embarrassing myself by saying something stupid to my classmates made it extremely difficult to even talk to anyone. The thought that all of these other students were out partying, hanging out, having sex, and basically having the time of their lives while I hid in my dorm only made me feel worse, and the thoughts of suicide were at their worst.  I did manage to meet two or three people who I sort of talked to during class, but even then, we never hung out outside of class. So overall, college was a fucking terrible experience for me.
Less. College beat me down so hard I have never fully recovered.
Less
First two years were tough (put a ton of effort in freshman year but it never seemed to matter, so I just retreated into my studies sophomore year) but I made an amazing group of friends junior year and they did a ton to pull me out of my shell. We're still close and I'll forever be grateful to them for that.  Learn to study in a group. It's easier and is the key to making friends.
I thought it would force me to be more social, but it didn’t. I went through my 4 years without really having friends.
College and University gave me a lot more free time. This meant that the first time in my life I could choose to stay at home on my computer doing mostly nothing, especially during my 5 month-long summer breaks. This, of course, made me less social. I didn't realise how those days would have been the best times of my life to 'get out there'.
I had severe anxiety bedore college, but now, through forcing myself, fighting for good grades and especially thanks to group projects, I am also lonely and depressed
I just turned into a cupid
Only if I was actually going to college, but this fuckin virus. It didn't made me social or anything but it provided a environment where there were more people and I have to live with them (dorms/hostels) so I HAD to be more social than I was before.
More social. I was friends with most people in my class, and got invited to dinner parties, parties, etc.
Less since collage doesn't force you to interact with the same people for multiple semesters. I'm Asocial though so I don't regret it much, since it doesn't really come naturally to me.
In uni I hanged out rarely and only with roommates or bunch of nerds on fandom meetups. That was more for me: at leas I went out sometimes.
College seemingly gave me a lot of chances to be more social. Unfortunately, not many worked out in my favor. In the end, I kind of left with very few friends, and still never in a relationship. I understand your pain and I'm sorry. Take advantage of opportunities when you can to be social, and BE YOURSELF.
Heavens, it made me less. College was an unmitigated disaster. High School was pretty good for me - I’m on the flip side of a lot of people. I didn’t take care of myself in college and realized I could be alone at all times if I wanted to without anyone saying anything, so I did that. I had friends from high school but I had been friends with them for years before that. I had no idea how to make new friends when I got to college.
Less. I TRIED being more socially outgoing, but the other people there were having none of it. So most of my time was spent alone riding my bike or playing video games when i was done with my work.
Less social. The extra freedom that college offers can enable your worst tendencies. My advice is to take advantage of every opportunity to meet new people or hang out with acquaintances. Even if you expect to make a fool of yourself. It's better than not trying at all, trust me. Excuses are the enemy.
I had to redeem myself so I got more social in college. Unfortunately due to covid, I just end up taking to people online compared to face to face which sucks honestly.
100% less social. As an architect, there's a lot of pressure and negative thoughts ( at least on my experience). The thing is that I get really depressed and anxious trying to be the best, my grades are good and I'm confident on my knowledge and creativity, but my social skills are completely gone. This Christmas was hell for me.
Yesss and Heaven forbid you go to a commuter college
\>more social and more socially dependent and fragile at the same time   Lol I know what you mean there. Never really minded not getting invited to things in high school - I just didn't think about it. Only cure is to stop worrying about stepping on people's toes and learn to invite yourself over to your friends' places unfortunately.
Thanks for the advice
> commuter college  Night classes and weekend classes are also antisocial.
Feeling like the only one on campus = 👌🏻
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kiog6t/i_feel_like_such_an_unattractive_woman_men_never/
You know the whole when one someone says that you “Have a great personality” that they are offhandedly calling you ugly. Yeah, I feel like that happened a lot for me. I feel like men are kinda repulsed by my face. They never seem to compliment me. Even the guys I end up going on “dates” with don’t really say anything positive. It feel embarrassing because I know more attractive women get compliments about their appearance daily. I feel so worthless to men honestly. It’s so annoying whenever I get ready for a date through doing my makeup, hair and choosing a cute outfit just for a guy to be lukewarm about me. I just want to be wanted for once. I feel like I’m hardly one night stand material. :(
Women don't even give me attenrion, not even when they want sex.
As a guy here, I can't even get any of that from women. Never had sex, never dated, never kissed etc (You know how it goes for most guys on this subreddit). It sucks big time.
[removed]
[deleted]
It's only a bandaid, but have you tried r\toastme ?
Where do you meet those men? Online dating? Guys that approach you irl? Because in those two instances, the likelihood that they're only interested in sex is pretty high.
I feel you, I can get attention online but I’ve never once gotten attention irl.
u/takei_Me  Isn't gatekeeping against the rules?
[removed]
If you stay within your league but only find 1 out of 100 guys attractive, does that mean you consider yourself to be in the top 1% when it comes to looks?  If that was the case you'd be getting tons of matches.  I agree that it's generally a bad idea to date too far outside your age range, but you generally match with people who are within your look level.  If you're matching with ugly people well...don't feel bad.  I only match with uglies too.  I've concluded that I must be ugly.  On top of that I'm asexual, so my chances are pretty much zero.
How is that going to help her?
Where else is there? The 4th dimension?
It’s both people irl and online. I don’t think my family or few friends would care about my romantic life like that lol.
Not necessarily, but a look at his post history and seeing that he's shaming people from here on an incel subreddit is enough for me to ban
Do you just hope on here to invalidate the experiences of women for not fitting into your narrative of being forever alone? Come on now, that's not supportive at all. If you don't have anything to say, then leave her be.
I'm about a 5/10, I think. It's just been so long for me and I've been through so much trauma that I can't bring myself to feel attracted. I've been thinking I'm demisexual lately, but I have no idea. I'm the kind of person that sometimes I don't find someone attractive at all, but when I get to know them a little bit, I'll find something that I admire and then everything else about them becomes more physically attractive. I personally feel like I shoot within my league but guys I find attractive (generally in the 4-6 range) they don't want a 5/10. There are a lot of beautiful girls out there, and while I might not be ugly, I can't imagine anyone I think is cute wanting me. And therein lies why I'm so apathetic.
Increase her confidence in herself.  If she goes on a date only expecting it to turn into a one night stand, it will become a self fulfilling prophecy, same if you expect every date to end badly.  I've been there myself. The key is confidence,
Through friends / family or better, OP being the one that approach guys irl. Online can work too, but not on popular dating sites such as Tinder / Bumble / OKCupid etc. where the vast majority of men that have success there will only be interested in sex.
>guys I find attractive (generally in the 4-6 range) they don't want a 5/10  So you never saw an average looking couple (4-6/10)? I find it very hard to believe this, they're literally everywhere...
If you're okay going without sex then you should consider dating someone asexual.  I personally couldn't care less what my potential life partner looks like so long as they are a good person.  When trying to date a sexual person, looks are 90% of the equation to them.
Yea then the DM's from horny dudes start to roll in. Imo getting validation on the internet isn't all that helpful for self esteem.
Men actually have success on those sites?
I'm not saying that. I'm just saying the ones I'm attracted to always want something more than me. I'm not enough.
Unfortunately, I'm a sexual person. :( I wish I could change it but I can't.
A tiny % yes. The issue is those men are only interested in casual sex (the ones that want a relationship and are attractive enough find a partner easily and are then out of the pool again) which makes it harder for everyone else. They will have sex with a woman and then ghost her which obviously is a huge feel bad moment for women  that are then turned off online dating.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kibuk8/just_releasing_some_tension/
I'm so frustrated. I'm 22 and although I'm attractive enough to date I have no one sticking around with me. This pandemic created even more distance between me and other people, I'm profoundly alone. This is not an attention seeking post or a "befriend me" one, I just want to release how much I'm pissed that I can't have some lasting affective bonds or even invested friends and live my days knowing I'm able to be loved by people.   I've never had a birthday party or whatever since I'm adult enough to decline family parties.  I'm never hanging out with friends or shit.  I want this so much and it doesn't happen.
[deleted]
yup. i feel the same. i can't make people bond with me, and i don't know why. i am not mean or anything. i don't even think i am boring, i am interested in a lot of things and i am pretty generous.   i just don't have a spark i guess.
that sucks. sorry to hear. to be fair, this pandemic really isolated people, and I even heard from 2 people in my life that I would have never have thought they would make such claims, that they had "dark thoughts".  Personally I also did. I felt very alone, and thought nobody cared, only to be proven wrong when I left the city I used to live in.   Might it be an issue of trying a different approach? :/
Wait how are you attractive and alone? Like the 3 ingredients for long lasting relationships are being attractive outgoing and funny. Me personally I’m 22 gay and ugly so I was destined to be lonely but I always knew if I had the looks things would be different
I think it has something to do with spirituality. I used to think is was on me but, it’s in me. A soul
At least you know your personality, what matters the most on the long term is ok. People want to fuck me but no one wants to be important for me. In the end, in 20 years you may be a single with many friends, I could be just alone and regretful..
How do you make friends? I’m 22 and ugly as bat shit and look deformed from asymmetrical features but I’ve always wanted to make lasting friends but don’t know how to do it.
People even consider me quite funny, I'm just somebody others want to keep in their life. It's so sad to think that this is probably gonna last in my life, there's no big change ahead in my story where it changes. I really hope I can learn to enjoy myself more than this.
It kinda sucks that the quality of your life depends on how much you can get people to like you. Which is hard cause so much of it isn’t determined by you or your efforts. It mostly just boils down to how attractive you are and how funny
Yeah... We are in the same boat. I wish i could tell you it gets better and there is hope but i still havent had any proof of that.  We are a lot in this situation i suppose, if it gives you any comfort.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ki9tpt/i_feel_like_i_am_alone_because_it_is_not_my_time/
It seems like throughout life I can never seem to fully get my shit together. I feel like this is the reason why I am single and have such a hard time making friends or keeping them is because I am in a place in my life where it is not my time to have that. I could not reasonably handle an active social life, i could not handle having a girlfriend. I know what many of my problems are but i can never seem to fix them and they only get worse. Which just makes it harder to fix said problems and puts me in a deeper and deeper hole each year. I am not even sure if these problems are even reversible anymore.   &#x200B;  For these reasons I will probably be alone for a very long time. I cant fix any of my issues and i dont know if i even can anymore. I am not meant to have relationships.
Same for me. A lot of the non-FA critics that come in here accuse us of not having tried anything in life. Quite the contrary. I started self-improvement when I was 17 and have been trying to get my life in order (professionally) since I was 21. Now I am 25 and I've had just failures, rejection and setbacks. It has caused me to unwantingly delay relationships.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ki642k/always_alone/
Whenever i get a message from my friends on Whatsapp (personal message) i always keep in mind that i dont leave thier message on read(red) so that they dont feel bad but in turn others always leave my message on read Should i also start doing the same or i maybe a boring person thats why they do it? Whats should i do?? Is it my fault to think about others
Normies have plenty of social interactions and as such don't think anything of "leaving someone on read" or "being left on read" unless it's someone they are very close to (and even then, depending of the type of relation they have, it can be no big deal, like if they see each other irl often etc.)
Even though it’s hard I really suggest to keep up with it and bear it. Having friends can only help you. I’m not too old but I’m on the bad side of 20s and more and more I’m glad I have friends. If shit turns worse as years go by at least I would have some way of naturally meeting new people instead OLD or stupid meetups and shit which I always dread.
[deleted]
That's kinda what I wish I had
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ki0ye3/boy_do_i_hate_christmas/
Worst time of the year.
"This will be the year I finally get into a real relationship."  10 years later: Still the same resolution.   Same shit, different year.
Worst time of the year...except for a certain day in mid-February.
I started hating Christmas in my early teens, when my depression was so bad I couldn't pretend to be happy. Then my parents got divorced, and it got worse, because now half my family is giving me shit for not spending enough time with them on holidays.  Now I face the when are you getting married nightmare. Oh well, at least COVID gives me an excuse not to visit the toxic half of my family.
Valentines Day: Am I a joke to you?
Yeah, "spend time with your loved ones". Good joke, I already spend all of my time with myself.
Besides the other 364 days.
NYE is my least favorite. There’s just something about being alone when the calendar flips that shatters me.
It's the shit, shit, shittiest time of the year.
It really is, especially if you work retail lmao. No one to come home to after a long day of dealing with Kevins and Karens
As I get older, im starting to grow out of video games and movies, i just feel totally empty
Oh boy, I'm right there with you. Maybe this is me being super spiteful, but part of me is glad that Covid happened and continued up to now, it means my parents won't have family over and I can finally breathe for one year without hearing the same old "theres plenty of fish in the sea" bs every year. At the same time of course, Covid seriously threw a wrench in my plans so you win some and you lose some.
I'm lucky that I don't work somewhere with Christmas muzak anymore. Used to work at restaurant and after like a week one year EVERYONE agreed during a down time that they hated playing the same goddamn five cheery tunes over and over again, even the Christian fundamentalist.   It was one of the times in my life I've least felt alone.
Yup. I used to love Christmas as a kid. Free gifts and you didn't really have to get anything for anyone else. Nowadays, it's going to family gatherings and everyone asking you if you have a girlfriend yet or what you've done with your life. I got no answers to either one.
My New Years resolution always involves bettering my weight or going to the gym.   So yeah -_-
TFW when no groundhog gf
You've got to admit, at least Valentines day doesn't get shoved down your throat for the whole month.
Early February is the worst regardless. Cold as fuck, days are still short as fuck and spring nowhere in sight. Perfect mix to fuel my depression
> Now I face the when are you getting married nightmare.  If it's any consolation, eventually they give up on this.
Hard to understand why marriage (competitive possessiveness over private property) is still a thing as a byproduct of agricultural/pastoral revolution.
Hey, 2020 is a leap year, so you are in luck. At least you got *one* day this year when you could be happy.  /s
Yes when you are an FA it feels like time seems to fly by and simultaneously drag on. Each day is painfully long but somehow the years begin to stack up extraordinarily fast. Having no partner on NYE makes me aware of my fleeting youth. As each NYE passes I realize that my opportunities are rapidly shrinking and what was once temporary is beginning to become permanent.
Hey, at least you can get piss drunk and shoot the shit. Can't really do that on Christmas among the entire family as they ask incessant questions, prod your life and give you useless blanket advice.
For me it's seeing the couples kiss each other at midnight on Times Square that's soul-crushing.
Same, have you tried getting into reading?
But latley its cold enough to be uncomfy, but just not quite cold enough that I could go sking without going abroad. Perfect
Christmas is actually easier. I just mess with my family.  “Why am I not seeing anyone? I’m part of a scientific experiment. You ever see Little Shop Of Horrors? We’re trying to turn my penis into the plant. It’s just green right now, but I’m expecting the teeth to come in soon.”  “When will you get grandkids? Well, I was thinking of buying one. I’m holding out for a Jewish Eskimo. I’m sure I can get some sort of discount on schooling that thing.”
I can't mess with mine without getting excessive nagging that never ends. Its enough to make a dude insane.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ki2678/i_just_want_the_pain_to_go_away/
The pain is just too much, all I can think about is death and suicide. All I have are bad thoughts. I truly do not believe shit gets better. I just want it all to end.
I've wanted to restart life for a long time now.
I’d give up the last 10 years of my life to redo the past 10 years of my life.
Yes... this. Someone end things please. Erase this universe. Punch the gods. Undo the mistake that is this reality. Make it all cease to exist. Clear all. Get an empty canvas again, but rip it apart instead of using it to create something else. Screw the gods. We must consume... existence. Devour everything into nonexistence.  Edit: Also sorry if I sound too negative, it's hard to pull out people from water wells when you are deep in the mud. Maybe OP wants positivity.
I understand how you feel. I've been there. Please don't give up all hope. Try to focus on things that make you happy, and if possible go talk to a professional. After 2 suicide attempts, it has really helped me lead an at least somewhat fulfilling existence.
It's what we all want
I'd just end up in the same place
You found your passion, Youre in a relationship?
No....I'm not. Still FA. I am just trying to live my life doing different things and focusing on myself. It doesn't work all the time....but it does often.
All the best bro
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/ki05qb/even_when_i_dream_about_women_i_get_rejected/
I had a vivid dream a few nights ago about some fictitious girl that doesn't even exist. She was in her early 20s, with long flowing hair, a perfect figure, and was just generally a very beautiful girl.  In the dream we were in an industrial area of the city with heavy traffic and no crosswalks and had to cross a busy street with a high volume of fast-flowing traffic.  We crossed the street separately at two different points along the sidewalk and at this point we were both relieved that neither of us had been struck by a car. The moment we saw each other, she started running towards me and I opened my arms as we were about to embrace.   Just as she was about to go in for the hug, she stopped abruptly about 5 feet away from me. Then, with her hands raised in the air, she said in a forceful tone.   "No, keep your hands off me!"  Her tone was a combination of the angry tone a woman might use when dealing with a genuine creep and the irritated, condescending tone a primary school teacher might use when dealing with the "problem child" who can't seem to obey instructions.  And after that, she resumed talking to me as if that whole rebuke and stinging rejection had never occurred, and I started walking her home. I never raised the fact of how rude she had just been to me and didn't walk away. Why? I certainly didn't think I had a chance with her, but I simply thought it was the right, gentlemanly thing to do. I offered her unconditional respect while she had given me open and direct disrespect and let myself get treated like a doormat. Moments later, I woke up.  The things we dream about are often reflective of our day-to-day lives and I could certainly see that here. Most of my life I've had a strong inferiority complex around women, always expecting nothing in return, letting people walk all over me, still trying to be a woman's "friend," even after a scathing rejection where it became clear that not only would she never be interested, but that she barely had a modicum of respect for me. Yet I continued to be such a "nice guy" not because I thought I had a chance but because I had internalized those feelings of inferiority so deeply that I thought continuing to be her "friend" was basically expected of me.  That all changed at the beginning of 2020. I stopped talking to any and all girls that had friend-zoned me, and began talking to more women, making my intentions clear from an early stage. I even got a few dates and thought I might be able to get out of FA permanently, but the first wave of the pandemic basically put a stop to my dating and I haven't been able to regain my confidence since although I do think things will get better once life returns to normal as well. But having dreams like this one just shows how traumatized I am from brutal rejection, as are probably many people on here to the point that even in my own thoughts I have difficulty imagining a situation where I approach a girl and it doesn't end badly.
I still remember a dream, where I was in middle school again, walking home with a girl classmate. But the problem was, that in a dream, I wasn't even myself. I was somebody else, another classmate.
I have the cringiest sex dreams. Like awhile ago I had one with one of my old crushes where we were literally in some kind of soft focus, sun-dappled lagoon and she was standing wading through a river with a clingly white dress that was like a sheer toga wrapped around her. It was exactly like how a normal person would parody a FA dream.
If there is a woman in my dreams, she's not interested in me.
Yeah, my dreams 100% reflect my trauma and grief. I've often dreamt about being in a relationship with one of my past crushes, real, actual men and fictional ones alike. Literally every single one of said dreams did always with me getting completely ignored by him, or even dumped, often in favor for one of my old, pretty IRL friends, who I always had such an inferiority complex against. Can't help but find it comical in a way. Like, you know it's well over when not even the men in your dreams want anything to do with you.
People here tell these stories like it should be some surprise. If you don't believe that you can get a relationship why would your subconscious suddenly believe you can when you dream? Like its kind of a given.
It is nice when you experience good dreams but it is rare for me :(
The girl does exist. Everyone in your dreams is someone you have seen images of before. It could have been someone you saw in a street years ago subconsciously, etc. One time, Trump was in my dream and he boarded a UFO. Not surprising.   &#x200B;  Your dreams consist of your own insecurities. Work on yourself and your dreams will improve. Your dreams are just a reflection of what you are worried about or what your subconscious puts together to express something.
How was it to experience something like that in a dream?
About 2-3 years back I had a dream where I was talking to a black-haired girl clad in a white tunic, and just as I was about to kiss her, at the last moment she pulled away. I ended up waking up a second later literally making out with my pillow.   I didn't think that was even possible since the brain is supposed to release a chemical during sleep that restricts body movement, and I've never been a sleepwalker (at least as far as I know) but still that's what happened.
Agreed. I've just stumbled upon this sub and nobody is really helping eachother, just wallowing around in pity. It's fucking hard working on yourself but you ain't wrong
What do you mean exactly?
Yeah, I am never looking at this subreddit ever again. It's so horrific.
Was it something that you were really happy to do during the dream? Or was it something that "in-dream you" was already used to doing.
Oh well. Have my up vote
I was really happy first, because it started in first-person view. But then, "my soul jumped out of my body", and I saw it in third-person. When I realize that the guy is not me, but someone else, I became sad.
Huh, never knew that other people dreamed in the third person as well. Those feelings are understandable.
Demoralizing
[${URL}] https://youtu.be/PKSn_RoA5gE

I mean it is, its just that few people can honestly do that.
r/thanksimcured
Love cannot be built in isolation. Such is happiness, unable to be created by admiring the falsehood of others; if you only see an empty husk, how do you expect to be truly happy, imitating said husk?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/khzqzu/the_social_obligation/
I'm from a country that is still very much into upholding it's traditions (not an issue). Plus, I come from a conservative family where I'm supposed to get married with a girl of my family's choice and have a baby (yupp, we still do it here).  And thinking about the man my family raised, I don't feel like having a family and going down the same path. I don't wanna pass my shitty genes to that little twat and then go on and raise a lonely, frustrated, self loathing b**stard who hates his family for raising him as a good for nothing lump of meat.   THE CURSE ENDS WITH ME  I once let my mum know that I don't wanna get married and even if I did I'll never have kids and she lost her shit. Apparently I'll go crazy of loneliness if I didn't get married. Maybe, we'll see. There's a long time in between I might change a mind. But to bring a child into this world, to make similar choices, to make him suffer the same youth as me, the idea for some reason leaves me with a weird feeling.
You’re living the dream, don’t complain
I’m not saying you should have children, but that’s not a good reason to not have them. I doubt you are actually a good-for-nothing lump of meat, but even if you are, there’s no reason to believe your children are doomed to the same thing.  You’re not not cursed, you’re going through a rough time. Are you in therapy?
perhaps if you did, give him a better lot than you got as a child
Lmao what dream?
>there’s no reason to believe your children are doomed to the same thing.  Actually, it's called hereditary mental illnesses. As screwed up as it sounds, I'd rather die forever alone having never passed on my mental illness than inflict my children with a lifelong burden of depression and mental torment. Not sure about OP, but theres much more to this decision than "being a worthless peice of meat"
1. No I'm not a good for nothing meat exactly but I was raised to be one. 2. Let's just say I don't wanna be responsible for the way someone's life turns out cuz of my choices. 3. Therapy 😂 we don't do therepy good man. My parents don't even understand the concept of mental health.
Maybe. But if the apathy I have developed right now stays intact I doubt it'd work out.
You’re an adult. You don’t need your parent’s approval to go to therapy.
Oh my friend, oh my dear friend 😂 let's just say unlike the western world, Indian parents don't exactly get it at once when their children get adult. You gotta make em realise slowly. Plus, I'm still studying and earning bare peanuts to be paying for my therepy. You got some suggestions?
Honestly man, I'm an Indian too and I love it how the foreigners casually discuss about their mental health and love life with their family but for us, it ain't even an option. Especially us, the Indian men, we are always ordered to bottle up our feelings and people wonder why the suicide  rate among Indian men is increasing at an alarming rate with the passage of time.
Exactly. No offense to anyone but the thing different between our cultures is that if they go to their parents and talk to them about their rejections they'll at least get some fake slaps on their back, they'll be told that things will change. I'll be told "what the fuck is wrong with you, you should be studying and focussed on your career". The amount of things I tell my parents has constantly reduced over the years.
And I don't even say anything to my parents tbh!!!
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/khk71y/its_that_time_of_the_year_again/
And still no friends. I only have my abusive parents that scream at me and make me go insane. I'm pretty sure at this point that I'll be friendless for the rest of my life. I don't know why I can't die.
You can't die because there is still a chance, even if you don't think so. Abusive parents are the worst, thet hate their own lives so want their children to be just as fked. Either that or they are completely un-selfaware.. fking disgusting
Im sorry to hear that. Hope the situation changes for you
just hang in there until you can live by yourself or with good roommates, it will be like a new life. i can be your online friend. you may be alone physically but all of us in FA are connected spiritually.
how old are you
You should sign up for Reddit secret Santa. Basically it’s where you give a gift to a random person and a random person gives a gift to you.
I'll be your friend :)
Worst season of the year. The movie version of The Grinch with Jim Carey was pure incel. Everyone in town harassed and bullied the Grinch through his whole life. Then that mofo stole Christmas.   In top 3 best Joker character development
👏🏽 👏🏽 👏🏽
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/khyijl/desperate_thoughts_online_microfame_as_a_driver/
Earlier this year, [someone made a thread](https://old.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/g5d7c8/i_envy_social_media_personalities/) mentioning that they envied social media personalities and the validation they get through their fans and supporters. I left the only visible comment. I still think about this regularly, and I'd like to discuss it in a more general sense. Do any of you have these sorts of thoughts?  In my case, I am extremely isolated (even before the pandemic), and over time have become more avoidant and reclusive in my thinking. I've all but concluded that there doesn't seem to be any real avenue that's going to lead to in-person friendships for me. I ultimately cannot force myself to be interested in a meetup, and likewise I can't force friendships into existence, even with people I may get along with. I seem to have already adopted [a sort of resigned and jaded mindset towards new connections](https://np.reddit.com/r/datingoverthirty/comments/kco8bg/anyone_else_feel_like_you_missed_your/) that doesn't usually hit people until their 30s. Even in my isolating loneliness, I am more comfortable just being alone than making disheartened efforts. Maybe that can change, but I'm not hopeful anything will come of it. I find it very difficult to relate to and talk with other people, due to my failures and depression, among other things. There's a fundamental disconnect I'm not sure I can overcome.  This puts me in a troubling position, where I've acknowledged my loss of online friends, and general disinterest in finding new ones, and yet, real life does include the internet, and there is still some value in having social ties of some sort, despite the distance. I wouldn't really mind, if I felt part of a community and people there were also reaching out to me, but that's not the case. There isn't really anything for me beyond posting on subreddits and getting some upvotes here and there, which is not really socialization.  So basically I'm in an unsocial spiral I have little control of. And this is what the rest of my life looks like, realistically. Attitudes and behavior set in, alienation compounds on itself, each year it becomes more and more dire and each year I become less and less able to move a muscle. It's reverse escape velocity, and I'm heading towards oblivion. Seriously. The world is actually a small place when you look at it in terms of social opportunities. There aren't really that many places, that many people, that many things going on that are personally interesting. Life doesn't change very often.  Honestly, *what is it going to take, to turn this around?*  I continue to become more and more convinced that it takes nothing less than an intervention, i.e., several or many people suddenly giving a shit about me, and wanting to validate me and interact with me in a way that gives me proof of acceptance, and perhaps lets me experience human contact a little more on my terms. Hypothetically, this could de-alienate me over time.  And well, the only way I can see such a thing happening is via some degree of popularity and acclaim for my music when I put it out -- as it would be a validation of all the weird and personal shit that makes up the lyrical material. For people to respond positively to that vulnerability and creative effort, and to place me on a platform that provides social capital, could very well change my life for the better. It would essentially give me a base of people who are interested in who I am and what I'm doing, it could open up doors to allow me to befriend and collaborate with others, and potentially find some sense of community and belonging in various scenes or corners of the music world. Additionally, as someone who is pretty much indefinitely unemployed (which is one of the largest obstacles in dating), I could possibly compensate by essentially being able to point to something which shows that I create things that matter to people, and which maybe bring in some money too. I am also contemplating starting a YouTube channel at some point, if I can think of enough worthwhile ideas.  Realistically, there is very very little chance of the kind of recognition I'm talking about, and even so, positive outcomes aren't guaranteed. I could still be isolated, but just have a bunch of YouTube comments to look at, and some reviews on RateYourMusic or wherever. With a fame-based power dynamic, there usually cannot be fully authentic communication between people on different levels. With YouTube especially, things can easily become overly parasocial on the fan side, and on the creator side, feeling like a jester or otherwise being bound by your audience, possibly leading to anxiety and burnout. It also seems fundamentally unhealthy to be a public figure of any kind, really, doing and saying things in full view of thousands or even millions of people, dealing with trolls and crazies, and navigating the overload that is mass praise or mass scorn. Our brains aren't meant for this at all.  And yet, part of me believes that maybe just the 'right' amount of fame, on some micro level -- large enough to provide support and open up opportunities, but small enough that you can go offline and forget about it -- could be a great good, and be precisely the thing needed to kickstart my life socially, with even positive implications for romance and finances.  I sometimes think about this line in an article about Oneohtrix Point Never, an experimental electronic musician I had in the past parasocially imagined as an older brother figure: ["*It gave me a lot of confidence. It made me realize I wanna be in the world.*"](https://www.vulture.com/2015/08/oneohtrix-point-never-interview-garden-of-delete.html)  But it's a desperate thought. That's all it is.
Well I have personal experience with something similar.  I had a fairly popular stream on Twitch, averaging 500-800 viewers regularly, and occasionally over 1k+ viewers.  I never used my webcam so people didn't know what I looked like.  Most people had no idea I was a 5'1 Asian (when asked about what I looked like, I'd always just joke I was a more handsome version of Ryan Gosling/any famous goodlooking person).    I had tons of people dying to talk to me, my DM box was always full, when I logged onto Teamspeak everyone would beg me to chat with them.  Even developed some close online friendships, some with girls.    All the popularity did help my confidence in some ways.  I knew that I had a good personality, I could make good jokes, keep people interested, and was likeable.  However, due to hiding what I looked like, it did make me even more insecure about my appearance.  It made me sad I too scared to show my real self.  I did show myself to a few people I was close with...and yea, bad mistake.    I did streamed for a few years and then quit.  I quit because while I enjoyed it for a few years, I knew I didn't want to spend the rest of my 20's in front of a screen.  In the end, overall it was a very positive experience in my life, it gave me a boost of confidence to pursue other things in life.
I’ve thought about becoming a Twitch streamer but I’d need my own place first.  Same thing about being a YouTube STA. But I can’t draw. I’d have to commission someone to do it but how much would that cost?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/khtwh2/2020_was_my_year_or_so_i_thought/
Any fellow New Year's resolution setters in this group? Mine for this year were partially related to finding someone. I was going to get out more, do some volunteering, maybe take a photography class, and just generally try harder.   I even thought I had found someone online going into the spring, but that fizzled when I told her I liked her. And of course, with all my other plans, they too ended before they began.  So here I am, less than two weeks from a New Year, and I think I've nearly given up for good. I found a new person to like at a local store, but am working to convince myself not to try. Something will not work. It always does.
2020 was no one's year. Look forward to 2021. Though we probably still have 6 months of covid
Think I'm going to put finding someone on hold and get a job upgrade and finally move out from my parents. Been working full time for 3 years now so I've saved a ton, just need to figure out where to go. Maybe NYC?
I’m in the same boat as you. One thing that stuck with me about your post was you desire to just generally “try harder”  I haven’t tried as hard as I could have or put myself out there because of a fear of rejection and low self esteem. That is what I want to change in 2021. I want to try harder.  I did some research on setting up the perfect bumble/tinder profile and it taught me dating is a competition. There are a lot of people you have to compete with and you have to show why you deserve a shot.
I have no hope for 2021. Covid hasn't really impacted my social life as I had none to begin with. Time to accept reality and just live with it.
yeah, hope you have better luck than me!
Trying harder would not have helped me this year. In fact, I'm fairly certain I would still be single, probably would have gotten a first date out of it, and maybe a hug. But it wouldn't have worked out. At best, 2020 saved me from more embarrassment.
Correction. Tinder and bumble are a competition
Try to do both. Accept that you cannot simply change your situation right now but still work towards your goal. Work on yourself, meaning social skills, social status and your body. But still live life with self compassion and do things that you can enjoy. I am rooting for you! Good luck <3
I used to think the same thing but then i see people I work with, people im friends with etc. that found a girl and they are half the person I am. You can do it just gotta work on the confidence and self esteem just like I do
At the end of the day nobody is gonna come save you. You are the only one who can turn it around and I know 100% that you can...
Working towards my goal means failing repeatedly to try to convince someone I am worth their time. I am worth someone's time. I don't need to beg.
Nah, I just need a better face.
That would be false. There is no hope. Never has been.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/khk6dt/dating_is_like_a_game_of_fortnite/
Imagine turning on Fortnite and handing your 80 year old grandma an x box controller. You don’t give her any instructions or tutorials, just that she has to be the last person standing and win the game. She has no idea what’s going on, has no idea how to play the game, she doesn’t even know how the controllers work, yet she has to find a way to win.
Except she’d probably live longer than I did. There have been times where I’ve been shot before I even land on the ground.
More like dark souls
Ironically, fortnite is in fact full of eight year olds who do play that way.  At least I always assumed they're eight but you're correct OP maybe they're eighty.  If you want a REALLY sarcastic analogy dating is more like "No Man's Sky" or Elite Dangerous" where its supposedly multiplayer but in practice I never run into anyone.  Or every relationship is like a game of Dwarf Fortress / Rimworld / FTL / (insert generic Rogue-like here) and you know how those games always end.  Dating is marketed like one of those arcade platform jumpers where if you just play long enough you'll "win" but some people get pretty sick and tired of losing over and over.
Except that it's fun to lose at Fortnite...
Accurate comparison, I have never played Fortnite.
Many intricate games to choose from and you choose......Fortnite....
Except that would assume a 100 to 1 potential for anyone searching for an SO. That would imply that the majority of the population would be incapable of dating.
i hate fortnut bro
Yea you figure it out on your way. But you have to play the game of fortnite, observe, ask etc.  How does one expect to win on that game if they don't play it at all.
Hand over to your grandma some Dark Souls on NG+, hell even Ghosts n' Goblins. And good luck.  Though for some of us, it would be like handling a quantum physic's equation or some hard math problem to your five-year-old cousin.
I think all he's saying is that when it comes to dating he feels as lost as a grandma trying to play Fortnight
You’re overthinking it too much, don’t focus on the details focus on the big picture.
The only way to win is not to play.
Usually with video games you're basically fucked if you didn't grow up with them. Most modern games require that you already have a sense of how games usually work i.e. being able to move around in a 3D space, how to aim properly, how game logic works. If you have never played a game before and are given the controllers to a modern game without any other instructions besides the in game tutorial, you will not be able to play it at all. Accurate analogy to dating imo.
So what you're saying is that dating isn't like a game of fortnite. Its like any task where you put someone that has no experience in it and expect them to succeed on their first try. Which also isn't what dating is like because if you set that 80 year old down and have them play over and over again they'll become more and more competent at it.  I know what he was trying to say. But there's no situation where the analogy makes sense unless you take away the title. Assume that dating is a one attempt thing with no room to learn and also assume that you have none of the tools required and have never seen anyone else do it even in passing. You'd have to put a guy on an island with no human contact. Take him out of that for one day and tell him to find a date and then after one day you send him back if he doesn't find someone. Theres how his analogy works.
No. If your details are that far off then your entire big picture becomes more and more invalidated. May as well say "its impossible for anyone to find a relationship at all" as your big picture.
just for the sake of conversation. What you say does not make sense for this reason. Every generation has its won understanding of the current society (or video game or dating).  A 15-20 year old can understand the dating rules more or less of today compared to a person at 55+. If for example I put my dad to flirt at his 70+ he will most probably make a comment that current generation will consider sexist. Others might think he is bold, when for him this was natural. Likewise, I would not put my dad play COD, but pong or Super Mario Bros.  I am sure because of the sexist times back then, if we put an 18 year old (regardless of his success in dating) back in a village in the 1930s, they may have not been able to conform. Interestingly, as I making this observation I think girls or women would be still ok (simply because there are still a lot of sexism and patriarchy has still have some influence, in to the way many parents raise up their daughters.)
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/khb8g3/i_feel_like_im_the_only_fa_girl/
Long time lurker, first time poster. I just have to say that I relate heavy to so much of what is posted here but it feels like I’m even more FA simply bc most of the people in this sub are men who can bond over that experience. Being a FA girl is extra lonely because so many people just assume by default that girls regularly have men pursuing them constantly. I’m 23. Never been asked out. Never been kissed. I have great friends and I regularly talk to men, but none have ever expressed romantic interest in me. It just feels bad man. Because there’s just an added layer of inadequacy. Being FA is hard. But being FA as a woman is brutal.   I’m plus size, but my face isn’t ugly. I graduated from an Ivy League college where I had plenty of male friends and flirted a ton, but just never drew interest. Vent over.  **Edit: Since posting this, I’ve received an onslaught of PMs from men accusing me of being a liar and saying I have plenty of “simps” lined up for me. Just a heads up ladies.**
If you are receiving harassing PMs, Message the mods about it. Remember Rules 2, 3 and 4 everyone. This shouldn't have to be a theme every other time a woman posts ffs
I don't know if there are cultural issues that might be a problem (I'm not from the USA), but if you regularly talk to men it's not a bad idea to show interest or ask them out, you wouldn't be any less of a woman or them any less of a man by doing that.  It's actually a pretty ego boosting experience from a guy's perspective.
[deleted]
Have you ever asked someone out?
There are definitely plenty of others but sadly, there are no shortage of other members that will invalidate your experiences.   There were already plenty that summed up your struggle as "just lose weight. Still not as bad as being bald." Yet if it was an FA guy, I cant help but feel that they would get much more comfort than that. Its a terrible shame. I wish mods would crack down on it. Theres lots of incel ideology and apologists that are slowly creeping in and many of their posts get dozens of thumbs up. Its cold comfort for female FAs.   For your case, I would recommend that you avoid FDS, its a dead end and an extremely toxic subreddit. High value and low value is a cruel way to cap humans and a potential date as well as yourself. As for graduating ivy league and other accolades, keep doing that. There are sadly men that do feel intimidated by that. From my experience, those are the guys that still believe in antiquated gender norms that they should bring the bacon while the wife raises the kids. Keep doing you, hopefully things do get better.
I'm a FA girl, too. You're not alone.
Sorry to hear! I have little advice other than don't post too often here, or expect a flood of desperate pms lol
You're not alone. I'm 32 and in the exact same situation as you, haven't even once in my life been complimented for my looks. Always made me feel like less of a woman, still does.
I'm here too. 31 and FA female.  I posted in another thread about this recently but basically my experience was that I was ok being FA. I've had mental health issues since I was 13. Painfully shy and no self esteem. I was bullied at school so learnt just to try and hide in the background. Never made an effort with my appearance and accepted that I would always be single. It didn't make me feel sad. It was just a fact I lived with due to how I was. I think I repressed a lot of feelings and just told myself I was ok alone.  Then at 27, someone came along and broke down all my barriers without even trying. I realised exactly how much I'd been repressing and honestly it was like waking up in my own life with no idea how I'd gotten here. It was scary how much time I'd wasted.  So I really tried with my appearance. I got contacts and braces. I dressed better and learnt basic make up. I straightened my hair. And it worked! I did and still do get attention now but it all feels too late. I have no idea what to do with that attention as I've never been in a relationship, never even been kissed. I'm scared people will not want me when they see who I really am. So I run away, apart from one guy who I liked enough not to run enough from. Ironically he was interested in me but not enough to have a relationship.  So here I am. Still alone. I used to think that was because of my looks but it's clear it's my mental state that will keep me single. I just want other girls who read this to know they aren't alone and not to give up hope. It took me to my late twenties before I attracted the attention of someone I was really interested in. I never thought I would feel that way. I never thought anyone would notice me hiding! Yes it didn't work out but it showed me a lot of the things I'd believed about myself up until now were not true. It just takes longer for some of us to get to that place that seems to come easy for everyone else!
I would get 100,000 miles away from FDS, for a start. Jeez.
Same here! I’m 18, almost 19 and as of one month yet again the only person in the friend group who has never even been on a date. I hoped this would’ve  been my year, since I started uni, but Corona ruined that completely. In the meantime, my little sister has been in a relationship for over a year and has had several people falling for her, which many people like to point out to me...
I've never been approached by a girl. I used to ask girls out but after rejections and non-interests, I just gave up.  You wrote that you haven't asked anyone out before. So maybe you can try that?  Good luck and congrats on the Ivy that's an insane accomplishment.
I’m 22F, i’ve never been in relationship, i dont have friends, i live away from my family. I was kissed twice but i was drunk and it wasnt with my permission really. I live alone with my cat, i only go to work 5-6 days a week, my life is boring and empty. I have depression and social anxiety, i dont think i will ever find friends, i dont even think about finding a boyfriend... maybe its becouse my bad experience with guys. I know im not The prettiest, but im not ugly either. There was a few guys hitting on me but i wasn’t interested. If i have crush on someone, There is No way i will be doing something with it, becouse im extrmaly shy. I feel like failure...
for some odd reason it hurts in the inside reading this post
Being lonely really sucks I feel you. You seem like you achieved a lot of stuff though so that’s really good as well as being in regular communication with the opposite sex. I know you are not getting what you want out of it right now but I envy that and trust me it will only help you in the long run. All I have are male friends who are in relationships already and the kind of girls they can introduce me to seem unattainable
I’m in exactly the same situation as you! I’m 27, I’ve been on exactly one date. I was plus size for most of my life and I also went to a really good university and have great friends!   I have been kissed, though mostly by drunk guys in clubs. Other than that, no one has ever shown interest in me. When I was in love, it was never reciprocated.  I have just lost some weight and am actually planning on getting on some dating apps for the first time now and give that a try, but I don’t have too much hope…  But you’re definitely not alone!
There are other FA women in the world, even some on this sub. It's definitely more common among men but can hit either gender.  >I’m plus size, but my face isn’t ugly.  That's good. Your weight is something you can work on. I recommend working on it now, because it's only going to get harder with age.
Right there with you girl!! Then I hear a lot later on from my male friends that I am intimidating and idk how to take that.
You are not the only one, FA girl here too. It feels lonely, specially when like you I have never been asked out and that seem like an even rarer experience.
Not having been kissed or asked out at 23 doesn't mean it won't happen ; there's people out there who had their first kiss much later than that! Just don't give up hope.  I would advise you to take first steps. Approach guys you think are interesting. You may be surprised how things evolve from there. Keep in mind that not every guy who shows interest will spontaneously approach you, shyness can be a horrible thing when you're attracted to someone (I speak of experience, sadly enough). It doesn't necessarily mean the interest is not there.
I have the same experience as you- feel like I’m pretty normal, Ivy League college, have spoken to men, but nothing. It’s so upsetting.
I've been subbed here for like 4 years lol you're definitely not alone OP.
I'm a guy, so I can't completely relate, but I do think I understand. There is a certain expectation our culture puts on women that it doesn't put on men, and that's a real shame. I think the dating scene should really be more "equal" than it is, as far as responsibility and expectation. Having it lopsided in different aspects doesn't help anybody.  I am FA as well, and I understand your pain. You seem to have some things going for you, though. You graduated from an Ivy League school, and you should be proud of that. I gotta think there is a guy out there that would be interested...somebody you would as well be interested in.   The thing is, waiting for somebody to show up, and watching others around you get what you have.....that sucks. Most people on here may be male, but that shouldn't matter to anybody. We all are going through some emotional hard times, and we need encourage and help each other.
There are lots of us.
[removed]
There have been plenty of FA Females on this reddit. While our experiences may differ due to the gender divide, I feel like we can still relate on a personal level.  Still, it appears you have a headstart, that being in being in communication with men. I know it might seem like I'm just trying to cheer you up but trust me that is a huge advantage you have over most of us male FA, who rarely if ever communicate with females, online or offline.
Hey, you should check r/ForeverAloneWomen
My girl i understand completely. Its upsetting that there are not much girls cause i can understand mens worries loneliness is unisex  lol. But they put a ' its easier for girl even if you are not attractive you just go for 11/10 chads all the time' card a lot in their posts.
What is a FA girl?  Just kidding, hope you find someone soon .
I have a lot of sympathy and compassion for lonely women online. There is an overabundance of scorned and toxic guys that make all women out to be the problem, when it's way more complicated than that. This will obviously lead to misunderstandings and then more loneliness.  I can't tell you why it happens, all I can say is it just does. The work isn't a fair place, some people get lucky, others don't.  I'm a great person, but due to my own trauma, and life situation I end up not having any to talk to or relate to in my life. Not because there is anything wrong with me, it's just the hand I was dealt.  All we can do is make the best of it.  Just stay true to yourself and stay strong. I'm more than happy to chat if you ever need it ❤️
Have you tried online dating?
As a male, you have my support. I know women feel lonely too, and unloved. But you are kinda right: a lot of them remain quiet, so it makes it harder for someone like me to shoot my shot. Just know that even if you think you're unattractive, you're always attractive to someone. You just may not know it yet.
Honestly I'd much rather be overweight than bald. At least you can change that and since your face isn't ugly you have everything you need to ascend to the normie ranks.
Think about relationships like a portfolio. Graduated from Ivy League school. Pretty face. Lots of great friends. These are unfortunately, probably being nullified for being plus size. But the beauty is thats something you can control, which is empowering (unlike having an ugly face)
>Being a FA girl is extra lonely because so many people just assume by default that girls regularly have men pursuing them constantly.   People think this because women online complain about it. I've always personally wondered about women in you're situation since I always read about the exact opposite.
[removed]
[deleted]
There are definitely FA women. It's really tough all around. I know most of the groups become male dominated but I believe there are women oriented FA groups. My heart goes out to you. It's very isolating.
I'm sorry, OP. Can't really relate to being female but I wouldn't wish this on anyone.   That said, you can turn this around.  > I’m plus size   I think you know what you need to do, too. No, it's not fair that men can't see past that and love you for your caring or loyalty or interesting hobbies or accomplishments in your field or whatever. Yes, I do wish the world was different. But that's the biological reality for 99.9% of men and neither you nor I can change it. I say this not to tear you down or to minimize your pain but because you can still ascend. It will take hard, physical work for months or years on end but it doesn't have to be over for you. Good luck and I'm wishing you all the best.
I didn't know that there actual lonely girls. This is rare , daaaamn
[removed]
sometimes you have to choose and focus on one special person that you like more than anyone else.   and it doesn't matter if they already have a gf, it's all about who wants him more.  i don't even think flirting is necessary, all you need to do is spend as much time as you can with that person you chose and just try to have fun, meaningful conversations or just hanging out.  the more time you spend the deeper the connection.  it can take a long time for a connection to form but it will.  there have been many experiments with people who didn't know each other and even were not attracted to the other: they put those two persons in a room for x amount of time just to see what would happen. most of the time they formed a good connection, just because they took the time to be with each other. it didn't matter how much they disagreed on stuff or their unattractiveness, the talking and being around the other was all it took.
You went to an Ivy League school? Wow!! 🤩 so you smart, smart?
Idk Ivy League educated woman, you're probably a catch.
I know you're just venting, so if you don't want my take just skip over this  Some of the best men in terms of quality and personality are socially anxious, shy, intimidated, or just plain don't know how to read subtle clues. You could simultaneously help both your situation and theirs if you took the lead with men you are interested in.  Maybe increase the flirting as well... eye contact, smiling during eye contact, glance at their lips during eye contact, open body language, non-creepy touching, laughing/giggling even at stupid jokes, etc.   You will likely be surprised if you just flat out tell men that you're interested in them. They will be relieved if they're interested in you, and if not, they'll be flattered! I'd be a little cautious here when it comes to any longstanding friendships, though. Don't want to ruin a good thing in case the chemistry is one-sided.  You're still really young, and imo most guys are still boys at that age. If you're open to it, a slightly older man(late 20s) might be your best bet.  Obviously all just my opinion but I think this could help.
[removed]
Let me guess. Religious family am I right?
I'm not trying to blame you, because there isn't anything wrong with you. As a guy, I would say that woman asking a guy out seem to have better odds than the other way around. So, if you are brave enough and willing, I would try to take advantage of that.   I'm not going to sit here and pretend it's easy, but that would be my advice.
People are FA because they can't get anyone. It's rude to assume they've never asked anyone out.   It's also rude to assume they only ask out attractive men, because I know someone in the comments will assume so.
But what if they don’t want to date them.
In this together! Not alone!
No. I haven’t met a guy who seemed romantically interested and no guy has ever flirted with me (at least obviously so) so I never bothered. I simply assume they aren’t into me.
Good luck!
[removed]
Sigh. Then I'm screwed for life.. I'm not plus sized but am ugly as heck.
i'd say its more common among men than for women due to obvious harsh gender roles.
Right! I’ve literally had people tell me that I’m too confident and men don’t approach me because they think I don’t need them. Like, what am I supposed to do with that? I shouldn’t have to act desperate to get a man’s attention, but also like, man I would love to be cuddling with my crush right about now.
\*and over most female FA too, i imagine.  what is communication with other humans lmao
Lol. Online dating is a joke. At best when a guy isn't asking if you're dtf, he'll try to make small talk and when it doesn't progress to anything more, they completely ghost. No one ever puts any effort into it.
Pretty sure she made it obvious that this was just a vent post and also looking to see if there are other FA ladies around.  Your response is likely why many are afraid to post. Why post when there will be such unsympathetic feedback? No one wants to make a post venting about their specific struggles just so someone can gatekeep and invalidate their experiences. Be better.
[removed]
[deleted]
We exist!
You are a teenager life changes so much between 16 to 26 for most people 26 year old me would be embarassed at the shit 16 year old me done.     Do not write anything off at such a young age, this is from someone almost 20 years older than you.
As a former FA 16 year old, I wish I could tell you that it’ll all magically change one day. Idk if it will but I have a girlfriend who is an absolute stunner. She went through HS and no one even looked at her. The second she enrolled at our university, she was instantly pursued by a ton of great guys. Hopefully you turn out like her 😅
To be honest if I had some people actually be more open and honest with me I probably would have been more successful in dating in my younger years.   I can't read subtle clues of any kind, I automatically assume friendzone status and it is just a mess.
She said she *feels* like the only one. That doesn't mean she is. This sub is all about feeling alone. Why would that be unnecessary in this case?
Ok then let me tell you this, unless you look like some creature out of mordor every guy, especially when it is not the succesfull tinder "chad" will like it. I don't say it will bring definit sucess, but it opens up new chances for you. Especially when you are a confident woman it fits your character to approach someone who might me intimidated by your confidence.   Also don't wait till you have that moment that you now you are romantically interested or vice versa. IF there is romantic connection is something you find out by dating, of course you should find them somewhat attractive to you in the first place but that usually is decided in a few minutes. Thats just biology kicking in.   And even if nothing comes out of it, you probably made the day of that guy, a lot of guys are deprived of any compliment whatsoever.   On the downside asking someone out of course makes you vulnerable, but to be fair, that is what guys have to face all the time. And if you are a confident person as you said befor, rock that! Confidence can be so damn attractive on its own no matter the shell it is inside off!   The whole Covid situation obviously makes it difficult to be around people, so I guess right now is a bad time to date for anyone, but this will be over sometime and maybe next time don't wait for someone to make the first step and try it on your own :) And remember you don't start with deep feelings, you just start with the idea that to get to know person xy might be interesting.
[deleted]
In OP you state you flirted a ton in college but here you say you've never flirted.  You need to get your story straight.  Anyways you might need to make the first move.
Damn, that pretty much sums up the situation for me as well T\_T
[deleted]
I mean I can't speak to that, but if it's true it's pretty brutal. :(
Did you try approaching yourself? That's quite effective in my experience, that very handsome friend of mine was taken by a girl in that way.
>men don’t approach me because they think I don’t need them. Like, what am I supposed to do with that?  Approach them instead.  >I shouldn’t have to act desperate to get a man’s attention  Approaching guys isn't 'desperate'. It's a sensible way of trying to get what you want.  Unfortunately our culture teaches us all the wrong things about this. So to some extent you have to ignore the 'traditional wisdom' and do what works.
YES!!!! I am an independent woman with a good ass job who doesn't need a man, but wants one! And apparently that is intimidating and scary enough for no men to be interested??? Like do we have to play the damsel in distress card to get any bit of attention or interest?
Well, I can only speak for men, being a (not so) proud owner of pen island and all that. But yeah, any consistent and \*shudder\* pleasant (or even just non-negative in any way) communication with other humans is a huge headstart for any FA. Me included.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Did you solve your problem?
yeah you have a point. thank you :)
Eh I hope so. I hope something similar happens to you soon as well :)
I feel like you’re projecting how _you_ feel about women asking out men onto society at large. Yeah, I’m sure an FA guy assumes they would love to be asked out but that’s not true of every guy out there (including FA guys—I’ve _tried_). I’ve been ripped to absolute _shreds_ for asking out guys of all shapes and sizes. It’s not as popular as you seem to think.
This is sound advice. Really smart. I think I’m gonna go for it when I get the chance!
Damn, that's kind of harsh though. Lol.
[removed]
Think she means she tried to flirt with them but they never flirted back
I flirted with people. No one flirted with me.
[removed]
Isn't that like 50% of reddit in general?
>And apparently that is intimidating and scary enough for no men to be interested???  Who said that lmao? That is not right  Why don't you show interest in guys you like? That may boost your chances
yeah,women are intimidating,culture and biology combined means that a lot of women are either in relations or are being pursued by someone else  obviusly there are girls that slip by the cracks,or that (ironically),by the asumption that they already have BF,are never actually aproached
[removed]
>Vent over.  Did you miss that part? She never asked for advice, simply sharing her story like many guys do.  I can guarantee to you that if a guy posted something, there would be plenty of guys telling him to cope and do the best he can with the life he has. No doubt that there are those that will mention hygiene or lose weight but you know very well that they are a minority. Most posters on here have already tried those approaches themselves.  So this is strange. When a guy makes a post, he can be consoled and vent but a women does it and its a long line of people that want to invalidate her and tell her its as simple as losing weight. Again, this is not helping to encourage other FA ladies to want to post more often or share their experiences. Not when there are users so eager to tell them " you came here for sympathy rather than advise." When she very CLEARLY said she was venting. It's even an established rule not to tell others whether they fit the definition of FA or not but apparently that doesnt matter when a female is making a post. That's a shame.
Or maybe, the ladies on here are not visiting this subreddit to date. Not to mention, its possible that you aren't compatible with them and/or in a similar area to them. Just because you want to move too quickly, doesn't mean that everyone else will be. That doesn't give you reason to invalidate the experiences of FA ladies, its not conducive to the purpose of this subreddit.
[deleted]
I’m so sorry to hear that. That’s my fear.
Same, it happened to me in high school and I really liked this one guy, I'd talk to him all the time at his locker and then people called me a stalker. So yeah, I stopped trying to ask anyone out since then. People will tell me, "Yeah but that's high school". Honestly, that's still how the world works though, at least that's the way it's been for me.
You might have a point there, but that was my experience thus far and a lot of friends confirmed this to me. Like even if the aren't interested in anything more they would appreciate it. But of course I can't speak for anyone, but I think it is never right to just assume that one gender is the "first step" gender. If you expect it from men you also have to except it from yourself. Failure is always included for both parties.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
You’d be surprised how much people say that. There’s this whole issue with women not being approachable because they look to confident on their own. On one hand, it’s insane to say someone is too confident to date. On another, why would I want to be in a relationship with a guy who is intimidated by my confidence. Hard to balance.
> by the asumption that they already have BF,are never actually aproached  I met those girls way back in High School, but do they exist after age 18 especially with online dating?
[deleted]
But talking to someone all the time is different then asking someone out in my understanding. When you talk to someone all the time and they don't initiate anything that is a sign there just is no interest. Asking someone out is more like a one time thingy, you talked from time to time, that went well so you then proceed to ask them for a date, and if you get rejected thats it. You maybe can stay friends of you want to, but it will show if thats an option or not.
She pretty much did when she said she "flirted a ton but never drew interest"
[removed]
[removed]
Or date anyone else ?
You really need to stop trying to gatekeep, it isn't your place to decide whether its possible or not for a woman to be alone. You don't know circumstances nor personal struggles. Better to leave it at that then to make sweeping statements such as "it is impossible to be alone as a girl."
True. I guess my circumstances were different because no one was ever interested in me enough to where I could even ask them out, which is a different problem altogether. I see that now, sorry.
[deleted]
\>If you're a masculine woman, you'll attract feminine men. That's just  yin and yang. Good for you if you want feminine men, but I'm guessing  that's most likely not the case. I know someone who exudes the same  masculine energy as you do, yet wants a masculine alpha man.       idk about anyone else but I'd date a more masculine woman because I'm more of a sub/feminine type of man who doesn't really want to wear the pants in a relationship.
Yes, downvoting a woman for posting about her FA status does suggest that you may have anger issues that could be preventing you from finding love.  I have every sympathy for FA folks and I regularly post in support of FA men, but what separates FA from hateful misogynists and incels (for whom I have no sympathy) is that FA don't blame women for their status.  I don't have any more time to dedicate to you, but I'll leave you with this:  https://d.justpo.st/media/images/2018/06/19/hard-to-swallow-pills-girls-actually-love-nice-guys-but-you-probably-arent-as-nice-of-a-guy-as-you-think-you-are-1529458381.jpg
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/khgflj/4_teaspoons_of_reality_on_relationships_and_love/
When it comes down to matters of romance, there are so many misconceptions and cliche remarks that exist that get do deeply under my skin I felt the need to write this. Below are common phrases you often hear and my take on them.     You live in a large city, theres lots of girls around.   Have you ever been to or played in an orchestra? Or maybe just a middle school, or high school symphonic band? If you have, you'd notice that the more of a certain instrument there are in the orchestra, the more the sounds of those instruments blend with each other, and as such, the less audible mistakes made by one player are. In a parallel sense, the larger the city, the more people around, the less visible each person is. Instead, the bigger the city the more one simply blends into the background of people like a violin blends into the background of violins. As such, while there may be lots of women around, there aren't. Most of them are just minding their own business and given how big the city is and how many distractions and other people there are, it is a lot harder to build a connection. It isnt impossible, but unless there is a specific social environment, or circumstance that serves as a catalyst for such a connection to occur, none will.    There's plenty of fish in the sea.  That is true. There are billions and billions of fish in the sea. Probably hundreds of billions of fish in the sea. But where in the sea do you find most of those fish? Do you find them, anywhere? Are they evenly distributed across the whole ocean?  Most fish live along coastlines. The reason for this is because coastal waters are shallower and thus provide more habitat. All coral reefs exist either along coastlines or among islands. The farther you venture out from the coast, the lower the fish concentration becomes. If you jumped off a boat in the middle of the ocean, you're not going to see schools upon schools of fish. You're going to see mostly vacant, empty, blue space. There are hundreds of billions of fish in the sea, but most of the sea is empty. Most of it is a marine desert, an aquatic sahara. And like the sahara, the farther you travel from the coast, the less habitation there is. To prove this, go look at a map of north Africa. Look at the distribution of cities in the countries of North Africa. You'll see that most of them are situated on the coast or not far from it. The farther you go away from the coast, and venture into the desert, the less and less people you will find. Saying there is plenty of fish in the sea is like saying that there is plenty of land in Algeria or Australia. Sure, it is true, there IS plenty of land. Its just most of that land is inarable and very inhospitable. The coast represents our birth. The distance from the coast is our age. Of course, you won't find any fish on the beach, not alive at least. You need to venture out to deeper waters in order to start seeing larger schools of fish. As you reach the horizon, you enter your adolescence. It is in those areas and further out that you will find the most concetration of fishing vessels. In fact, you can see them at night from the shore. However, if you continue into ever deeper and deeper, and farther waters, the sea will become very open and largely vacant.    There is someone out there that is meant for you.  Im sure you've heard of the old expression, "needle in a haystack." Well, what if that 'needle' was a special straw of hay. How long is it going to take for you to find such a straw? Is it even possible to find this straw out of the millions of straws that make up the haystack? I'm sure there's someone that can love me that is out there, I'm sure there are multiple girls that can do that, but finding them is like trying to find that straw in that haystack. Like the straw, they represent one of millions of girls that live in atlanta. And everyday, I pass by thousands upon thousands of people that I don't know and never will. My time is limited. There is no guarantee that I will run across them and run across them in the right set of circumstances, at the right time, and with right frame of mind which is heavily influenced by how I'm feeling and what happened that day, all in alignment. The odds are actually very slim.   Why is it that I don't have problems finding girls?  Why is it that I am 5'11? Why is it that I was born in a developed country like the US and not a poor country? Why is it that I was given genes that give me a low risk of developing diabetes (I don't have these im just using these questions as metaphors)? Why is it that I was born in a middle class or upper class family? Why is it that I am wealthy (again I'm not, but you get the point)? While these questions may seem like stupid questions, they're actually no different than the one asked above this text. The range of reasons for why are vast. I work at a gas station in an area that has a lot of homeless people. These homeless folks often come over to the convenience store at the gas station. As such, I have personally gotten to know many of them. I give them perks like free coffee and if the manager isn't around, I'll give them free food that we are technically supposed to throw away but that is still in good condition. Most homeless people I've met are good people. Some of them are mentally challenged and have nobody to take care of them, some of them are hardcore drug addicts. Actually many are addicts. But some are people that have really interesting stories about how they ended up that way. And among the drug addicts, not all are bad. Not all addicts are bad people. Ive met good hearted people that are addicted to hard drugs. I've met drug addicts that are malicious people. The range of reasons behind why some people are financially or materially more wealthy than others and the range of reasons why some people are romantically or socially more wealthy than others, are parallel. To assume that every guy that is romantically poor is romantically poor by choice or by attitude is no different than assuming that every poor person is poor just because he is lazy, degenerated, or on drugs. Some people are poor by choices, some people are poor by character, some people are poor by circusmtance, some people are poor because they inherited their poverty and conditions. In the same sense, some people are rich because they worked hard and earned their wealth, some people are rich because they got lucky on their investments or on a lottery ticket, some people are rich because they inherited that wealth, and some people are rich becsuse they were born into a rich family. How one views ones wealth is heavily determined by how one attained it and if one ever experienced the opposite side of things, or has an open enough mind to consider other people's reality.
A French novelist wrote a lot of books about the loneliness of the modern man. In [this one](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whatever_(novel\)), he explains that capitalism is not limited to the economical field, but also applies to the sexual market.  You can be an economical winner by having a well paid job and a stable situation, but being a sexual looser that most women will reject. You can also fail in the both domains.
I've learned it has little to nothing to do with what lies within your heart. I had one love in my life. I loved her with every cell in my body. She can even testify how I made her feel. There were a few opportunities in high school and college. In college, I didnt take up those opportunities because I was committed to her. The lose of her is honestly the greatest loss I've ever endured. Sure, I might be able to find a 30 year old woman later on that is done with sleeping around and jumping from relationship to relationship, that is likely divorced, but it won't be the same. Nothing will ever replace what I lost.  Now with regards to the link. I dont think capitalism per se is the cause of this. I think that this happens as society expands rapidly and becomes so large in size and scale. Everyone is a self oriented widget in a large machine called our civilization. They go to work, they go and get coffee at a Starbucks, they go shopping. They go back home to their house that is visibly isolated from others by fences, in a neighborhood where they likely don't know their neighbors. If i lived in a smaller town, I believe it would be easier. Smaller, more laid back, quaint, where I get to see the same faces everyday without any of the pressures of large city life. High school and college are perfect places to find love, and it is in those places that I had opportunities. They are social environments where you are surrounded by other girls and where nobody is pressured by each other. When i say nobody is pressured by each other, i mean nobody depends on each other for results. There are social pressures as in any social setting, but academic pressures exist between the individual and his or her courses. As such, there is plenty of down time to where people can get to know each other and even if i can't get the prettiest girl on the block, if i lower my standards, I can find her or rather she can find me. Attraction grows later on through connection. The same applies to college. In a work place environment, everyone is pressured by each other as everyone depends on one another. At a store, everyone is in a hurry to get their things and leave. Like driving, you pass by dozens and dozens of people and never get to know any of them. Any employees there are again, under pressure and in conditions that do not lend themselves to connnection. There is dating apps, which I've tried, but most girls on there that are young or around my age just want hookups. They arent serious and as a guy you will mostly get ignored. Older women want relationships because they have phased out that curiosity, but at which point I am not interested. Most of them already have kids by that point.
You didn't lose her. You lost the person you imagined she was. You didn't love her. You fell in love with yourself being in love with her.  Perhaps you won't understand what I write now. But you will finally arrive at this conclusion by maturing yourself.
You are not in the position to determine who someone loves and doesn't love. And whether you realize it or not, by doing such, you do not help but only invalidate the feelings and experiences of the person you talk to. You aren't me and never lived my life and my experiences. Likewise, I never lived yours. I dont tell people who they love and who they dont, because I don't know. But basing off of what you say, in that case, nobody actually ever falls in love with anyone. They just, like you said, love themself by being with someone.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/khdmxk/it_too_shall_pass_philosophy_is_bs_dating_proves/
Ok so once i was down i happened to read that a famous king asked his wise man of palace to do something so that he will remain grounded either in highs or lows of life.  The wise man makes him some object with "It too shall pass written on it". The objective he says that the king won't get overconfident with success nor will the king get saddened if he hits rock bottom. As nothing remains forever. This was a great psychology to read that time. But as time passed by one aspect proved this to be wrong. And I'm sure many can agree upon it.  I'm 30+, live in a non 1st world country, pretty non happening suburbs. No way of relocating.  I'm single for my whole life now. I am a romantic. I don't see myself ever doing an arranged marriage without any real connection. There are so many other factors that are into play that cements this situation.  I don't want to add them and make the post boring.  So i guess my situation is pretty constant. The wise man wasn't wise at all or maybe dating and love life wasn't as a problem them.  I'm not looking for The One (HIMYM ruined it for me), I'm not looking for just anyone. But i am looking for soneone who we both feel a strong connection. She and i complete each other.  I guess in this day and age it's just not right for sonething wholesome. People date and breakup fast. People take jobs and change em fast without having loyality towards the company. To be fair companies don't treat employees well either.  Before i lose the point I do like to say that some constants are so constant. That i feel like nothing can change that.
Life itself will pass in the same way that death is a permanent solution to the temporary problem of life. It will pass... doesn't mean it's going to be good.
I hate this too. "Dont worry things always get better" "surely you will find someone eventually tho.." "you are still young, dont worry about it :)" etc etc all this stuff is annoying because they are not actually true. The idea that things cant get worse so they must eventually get better is also retarded since things can always get worse, there is no rock bottom.
I wouldn't take romantic advice from HIMYM
"It too shall pass" means that youll die eventually dude, its not something out of a disney movie.
Thé important rules to keep in mind are:  1. Women are not the cure for loneliness and depression;  2. If you don't like yourself, nobody else will do it for you.  I cannot guarantee you will finally find someone that fits you. But I'm sure you can be happy if you focus on the positive aspects of your life.
Whoa seems like how gerus fell in a bottomless hell river in mortal kombat 11 😅
I never said i hated myself. This is just a typical copy paste reply you find on positive and idiotically optimistic parts of the internet.  The ideal reply here would be it's ok to feel that way I'm feeling. And other people are wrong about you.  Frankly this is the case many a times. People make a judgement on you without even knowing you. Happened with many guy friends of mine. People nake assumptions about you based on some pre defined check list they made in their head.
What is even that? What are these, huh, things you speak of? These "positive aspects", "of your life"? Is it edible? Does it tastes good?
Trolls think everything is tasty, i don't have the resources to fill your appetite.
Fair point. At least I am not spreading shallow advice, I guess.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kh90ex/its_better_to_not_ask_any_girls_if_you_are_ugly/
I mean you cant do much. Its less headache this way. I am so ugly that no girl ever looks me in the eye for 1 second :( Its very sad. I didnt choose to be ugly. Why cant you just not make it obvious?    But as a side note,I believe there must be an universal rule that, if you were an ugly guy, if a girl liked you she must ask you out, which is extremely extremely rare. This must be like, an unwritten social law. Its not fair for a girl to expect an ugly guy to open up to them. Dont you think?   I had a girl like that before but fucking cmon. I am ugly why the hell would I ever ask you out? To make myself even more sad? That s fucking more funny than tragic. I got rejected a million times already. You are men you gotta approach. Bruh. That only works if you re truly handsome :(
I know the feeling man.   After multiple rejections your heart freezes over and sometimes you end up taking a risk and think this might be it and then they try and let you down gently or ignore you which  hurts even more and for a while your heart is torn asunder and you promise yourself you'll never do it again.  No one woman will ever ask me out with the way I look unless they're trying to get something from me.   The only time I will ask a woman out is if it seems like we really get along, she laughs at my jokes and takes an interest in me and my life that most don't. But so far that's not really worked about 70% of the time.  I've always been that funny ugly friend in my social group and I know people might think hey if you've got confidence you're better then most here but whenever I stick my neck out I end up with those "you'll be perfect for someone else" type rejections. Gradually this has lead to me becoming the haggard, depressed occasionally funny ugly friend.
Yeah feels bad man. I'm really self conscious. It doesn't make it easier
Watch out man, people will call you incel
God, I'd love to know that I'm ugly and get an honest opinion.  My friends and family pump my tires and insist I'm attractive. Well they must be the only people who think so.
Today I took the courage and approached a girl in the supermarket because I thought she smiled at me. I told her I thought she looked beautiful and asked if she wants to swap numbers. This is something that I have always wanted to do but never had the courage. I expected her to just say no sorry. Instead she looked at me with this disgusted face that just says "eww" and said "yeeaaaahh uhh noo, I have a boyfriend?" :(
Real talk. Go to college, get a law degree, and a good job so you can buy all the plastic surgery in the world. That’s my plan at least
You're not ugly. You just don't have the physical critical criteria currently desirable for the female population of 2020.  I don't feel attracted to many women. Yet I don't think they are ugly.
Some people are just naive. They would probably just think you weren't interested in them, ignorant to the fact you would take anyone
Yeah all of the average guys here that falsely assume their ugliness should definitely act this way because as we know people can't possibly be wrong about their self opinion
Though he says something true about being ugly. Just like they say in comedy: attractive guy = flirting, ugly guy = harassment.
[removed]
F
It's generally not the done thing to approach someone in the supermarket so she was probably caught off guard. When women smile at people in public it's generally out of politeness
Why would you approach a complete stranger when they're trying to get their shopping done?
Isnt that what ugly means on dictionary mean anyway?
Can't be wrong about it when every single outcome to asking a girl out is a negative result.
Sure, but I have always wanted to do that. Kind of like a dare to yourself to be able to say to someone to like them in the face of possible rejection.
Because I wanted to.
It's defining ugliness with extra-steps
Ah a precog. Can you tell me tomorrow's lotto numbers?
I get that, but I'm of the opinion that bothering someone whilst they're going about their business is off-putting. In a bar or nightclub it may be more acceptable, but not in a supermarket. People smile out of basic courtesy, not usually because they want to befriend or date you.
When did I say anything about having a precognition? I'm saying after repeated negative outcomes, muh "YoUrE oPinIoN oF yOuRsElF iS wRoNg" argument holds very no weight. Try harder next time.
So what, the whole thing took 30 seconds. Its not tragedy for them to receive a compliment and then go about their day.
Also everything else closed down right now.
The assumption that every attempt meets failure. You're talking about your past. People here use that to imply the future with too little data as though its easy to predict. Its not. And people that make that argument are wrong. And people are very bad judges of themselves. This thread was nonsense from the moment it says that ugly people shouldn't try because it assumes that you always know if you're ugly first off, which most people are demonstrably wrong about. Its a studied psychological phenomena. And second assumes that there is no hope for some people when people across the spectrum find success. The thread is an excuse to give people to tell themselves. I normally can relate to people's thinking and try to explain it but this is muck at the bottom of the barrel and im in a less forgiving mood at the moment.
Just my opinion. I know "cold approaches" are more common in some cultures than others.
Ah, the "The past is the past, don't let it determine your future" false dichotomy. What most people fail to fathom is that the past is interlinked to you whether you like it or not, especially in regards to how you were raised (or lackthereof). Having repeated failures can also definitely be considered data, if you're consistently asking girls out but constantly being rejected then something is obviously wrong, whether that's "ugliness", intensity, overall mannerism, body language, being on different leagues, or just a general lack of understanding etc. Your argument isn't helping anyone here, in fact it comes across as pretty dismissive. Idk how much you've actually faced rejection in your personal life, but the dating realm in this day and age is a hellish game.    Also, in terms of ugliness, I have to completely disagree with you. You can easily get a general consensus on how attractive or ugly you are online (unless its just a badly taken photograph), there might be a few who deviate and think you're ugly or attractive when you could just look average, but theres always a consensus. It's also why people generally believe in leagues of dating, may not be as downright cutthroat while you're in high school, but it's still there.   I agree that giving up because its futile is just downright degrading and depriving anyone of ever having that slight chance at a relationship, and ugliness/attractiveness does concern a bit more than just the physical, but saying being constantly rejected day in and day out isn't data at all "because it's in the past" just isn't true.
Thats not what I said or even implied. Thats a strawman. I also didn't say it wasn't data. I said it wasn't enough data. I also didn't say it didn't hurt or implied that it was 3asy and you shouldn't feel a certain way. I remarked that it was incorrect and to justify the future based on a weak understanding of the points of data involved was bad.   Its harder than you imply not even just in some rating system. I didn't mention leagues or people of similar general level of attractiveness tending to pair. People are shown to overestimate or underestimate themselves in basically everything. Most people in here are depressed or anxious and tend to put far more weight on the negative responses or derive value from the number of tinder matches and use that as a way to designate their attractiveness vaguely. Most people aren't canvassing a collection of unbiased respondants.   This last part is a response to the misunderstanding of my point so I won't elaborate again. But knowing futility is something that would require precondition or having absolute certainty on your prospects. Most people regardless of that end up finding relationships. Not everyone of course. Butits more likely for someone to find a relationship and leave here than not. There is a reason the average age on this sub is 18 to 26 when the sub has been around for a decade.  Also I like your username
> I didn't mention leagues or people of similar general level of attractiveness tending to pair.  No, but since the topic is on attractiveness/ugliness, that's what tends to happen to most couples I've noticed, unless you manage some wild deviation and luck out for a time.   >I said it wasn't enough data.  I mean, how much more data would you need really? Say someone on this thread has been asking women out after randomly talking to them for a bit, asking out one woman every week for a year, all turn up with rejection. 52 women. Id say that that's enough data to conclude that there's clearly something wrong, whether that's "ugliness" or lack of social skills who can say except the individual. Dating tends to be very empirical, yet there can be a general connection to be made.   >Most people in here are depressed or anxious and tend to put far more weight on the negative responses or derive value from the number of tinder matches  This one I can somewhat understand, considering that all I've mostly ever gotten were negative responses throughout my life, along with bullying and general rudeness from women that still somewhat permeates to this day, except now they just ignore my presence. The only positive responses I've ever gotten were from family and friends attempting to cheer me up, so not really an unbiased opinion either which is even more frustrating. What absolutely flabbergasts me is using Tinder as a viable source to prove anything, tinder is the worst place to go to prove whether you're attractive or not since the algorithm is literally the most brutal thing out there and there's so much more that goes into creating a Tinder than a Facebook.  >Most people regardless of that end up finding relationships. Not everyone of course. Butits more likely for someone to find a relationship and leave here than not. There is a reason the average age on this sub is 18 to 26 when the sub has been around for a decade.  I'm interested to see how you found the average on here, I tend to see alot more 30-40+ year olds than people my age and how that leads you to conclude most do find relationships, not just migrate subreddits or leave but if its true, it might be a bit more hopeful than people (including myself) think.
We're agreeing on that. Not sure what you're trying to say here. There are outliers. Most people pair off and most people pair off roughly within a point or so  You can't have enough data. That's the point. There FAR too many variables to make any assumption of the type unless you are specifically and willingly making choices to prevent something from happening. And not 52 women is not enough to justifiably say that something is wrong. That's not even a very high number if we're honest. But let's say you ask out more. Enough to have a reliable sample set of the population. Just as an assumption. And you're rejected every single time. Then let's say we can be reasonably certain that something is going wrong. What does that tell you about what specific thing is wrong? Alone? Nothing. You would need testimony from each woman to be certain but barring that you would at LEAST need to have isolated specific things so you could find out what was going wrong. Now let's say you do all of this and find out that something is wrong. It would be various between women what the issue was. Now what does this say about the future prospects? very little. It might be able to give you a potential probability of success. I would assume that given this wealth of information from such a thorough study you would be able to better optimize and increase that probability. But we both know that this level of information gathering is pretty much ludicrous and you can never know how other people's paths might intersect with yours and how they will affect or interact with you. In order to make any sort of accurate prediction you would need to know all of this as well as be able to know how all other people you interact with could change the probabilities. Sometimes it's just more arrogant to assume you have anywhere near the level of knowledge required to really assume you know anything about what will happen in the future. People tend to assume they'll change less than they do looking forward in time. Baseline you should just assume you don't know much about what's to come and who you'll be in 5 years.  I think we're in agreement or at least mutual understanding about tinder and how people respond to external response. I definitely don't blame people for feeling this way. I get it. I really do. Whether or not something is objectively true doesn't mean much to how it feels.  I haven't done a survey or anything. I just pay attention to the ages a lot on here. 30 and 40+ year olds are definitely around. But I see far more between those age brackets. I do tend to bring this up a lot thought so I think moving forward I might make a google excel sheet and keep track of ages that I see on here. I'll record usernames too so I don't accidentally record the same person twice. I'll get back to you by making a post with a chart or something after a while :) Regardless of how it turns out I hope you'll see and take a look at it.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kh2nux/there_is_no_shortage_of_sex_for_other_people/
Just go to all of the other subs and you can see people talking like sex is just like opening the fridge and choosing what to eat for most people. Yes, even the guys. Shit like:  * "I didn't like eHarmony, only got 2 hookups. * "I preferred OkCupid, met my 12th and 15th girlfriend their. * "Tinder got me a lot of casual flings, but I was unfortunately looking for a LTR". * "I hooked up with a few older women on POF last month" * "I am 21, and all the women I've been with from volunteering, clubs, Uni, work, parties..."  Like, what! They comment and talk so casually about it. Not only does them *getting it* baffle me, but how they get it so much within a short space of time! Surely, not all of these guys a chisel-chinned chads. I'm over here, and I haven't even got a single date in all the time I used online dating!
Damn reading this made me feel super depressed.  I feel your pain OP
Honestly though. Whenever Tinder is mentioned, it always turns into "yeah Tinder is really just used for hookups" yet everytime I download and attempt to use Tinder, I barely get anything. One or two matches at most which don't even last for a day or two or turn into anything. Such bs
28% of men aged between 18 and 30 reporting having no sex in the past year in the US. That's a pretty high number for a "no shortage" situation.
Just know that lots and lots and lots lots n lots of people LIE on reddit. Take anything anyone says on here with a grain of salt.
This is part of what makes being FA so painful. If feels like I’m being deprived of part of what makes us human... our capacity for love and relationships.
i do question how much of this is the truth and how much is exaggeration
You know, those people could be lying.  Take everything people say on the internet with a grain of salt.
Most of them are fucking liars what they are.
I really don't think sex is all that common for MOST people, but the top 25% or so....yeah.   I think somebody mentioned below that about a quarter of meant 18-30 reported not having sex in a year. That seems like a high number, and it is, but I think there is a middle group where sex, though a common occurrence, is still pretty rare.   I'm 26 and still a virgin....so I understand the frustration, I really do. I also take a little comfort in the fact that many men have this issue, we aren't alone.
A lot of it has to do with presentation, confidence, and social ability. Of these general confidence is probably the hardest to learn because it's so vague. Presentation is as it sounds. Social skills are a muscle that can be practiced and learned through use. Confidence is more internal. Not really required but it helps a lot. You take more chances if you believe that you'll succeed and if yo9u're ok and respond well to failure you'll get up and try again faster. Being okay with rejection also changes the way you interact with people
Sorry but those are all mixture of Chad's most of us guys are average looking and some of us are below average. Those dating hookup sites are for the attractive only.
[removed]
This is torture.
I can't resist commenting on this despite the nature of this sub.  Some people legit just don't have the social skills needed to interact with people. I think it's because of the internet and the rise of social media, but either way, many people don't know how to build relationships or straight up treat people. Then potential romantic partners for that person are totally turned off because nobody want to fuck someone who seems like a jerk or aggressive or a smartass or whatever. Take a moment to reflect on how you treat people.  Also, everybody needs to stop coveting sex like it's some end goal of a relationship. Having sex with someone is just something to do with them. This has a lot to do with objectifying a person as merely a means to have sex. You have to remember that you are dealing with people and not sex toys that you first have to convince to hook up with you.
Yeah, I think people lie about it. Maybe it worked 5 years ago, but now it don't.
I'd rather see the amount of 18-30 year olds guys and girls who are virgins.  Or not because I know the number is going to be extremely low.
[deleted]
This has not been a normal year
Yeah, the stories seem to contradict each other often. Especially when they say "I think I had sex in a cinema. Not sure though". It's like what! If you had sex in the cinema, surely you'd remember it. I read so many comments like this too.
I agree. I suspect it is probably in the middle. There can be some truth to hooking up after short dry spells but when people start saying "I hook up every weekend", then that is fishy.
Contrary to criticism here, all I want is a girlfriend that I can have mutual regular sex with (and do all the other relationship stuff with). I am not even interested in hooking up or tallying up numbers. I just want a long-term relationship. Women complain about this all the time when they say "all guys just want a lay and leave", well I've been open about not wanting that in dating apps but they still ghost or flake.
I am not just considering dating sites though. People who meet generally in their daily lives too.
OK so if online dating is only for good looking people then how the fuck should average or ugly people find someone these days?
There is a good reason why incel speak and references are banned from this FA. Please follow that rule. There are subreddits that you can go on and share all of this to your heart's content, the FA women of this subreddit and many others do not need this.
I'm guessing you've just stumbled upon this sub for the first time.  Your comment is a mix of several of the cliches we've had people come here to tell us hundreds of times.
>  I think it's because of the internet and the rise of social media, but either way, many people don't know how to build relationships or straight up treat people.  Socially awkward people still get girlfriends. Right place, right time.  > nobody want to fuck someone who seems like a jerk or aggressive or a smartass or whatever.   Are you kidding me? You know full well that a lot of jerks, masochists, misogynistic, beat-their-wives assholes still get relationships and casual sex.   > Take a moment to reflect on how you treat people.  The bitterness and misanthropy comes AFTER having been bullied or ostracised or ridiculed or socially rejected by people and society at a young age. Virgin-shaming, being bullied for looking/acting different, peers comparing you to others etc.  > You have to remember that you are dealing with people and not sex toys that you first have to convince to hook up with you.  This isn't news to most of us. You and I know people who have plenty of hookups merely see women as such. But guess what, they get it still. Most of us here want a relationship. Doesn't mean we aren't allowed to desire sex.
I think its really unhealthy and alarming to assume everything you read is a lie. Tinder works for millions of people. Try not running away from this uncomfortable thought. Instead try to become one of these people it works for. What do they have that you don't? Which of those things can you get, through effort? Go get those things.
I got [ya](https://mobile.twitter.com/_cingraham/status/1111629177575350279). Spoiler alert: it's not low at all.
I highly doubt a majority of that 28% didn’t try to find someone to have sex with.
Right so 28% of men aged 18-30 are perfectly happy not having sex a **single time** in a whole year. Even if it was only 10% (it's obviously much higher than that) of men aged 18-30 that wanted to have sex and couldn't, that would still be an extremely high number that clearly shows that there is a shortage of available partners for unnatractive men.
[deleted]
Data is from 2018.
If it was "Cats" you might have repressed it as a traumatic memory, though.
Thats normal. Lots of guys have 40+ partners by the time theyre in their mid twenties. You'd forget stuff too.
The women complaining about wanting an LTR are *usually* not the ones on dating apps. Like, there’s a reason there’s so few women on most apps, it’s because the kind of women on dating apps are usually actually _after_ a hookup and the number of those women tends to be few and far between. The apps geared more towards starting actual relationships (e.g. Hinge) end up having much more even gender ratios
Pray the stars align ?
Did not say everything is a lie. But it's reasonable to assume (realise) that people do lie and exaggerate their sexual experiences more often than should.
I've seen these stats before. 28% is still a minority I don't want to be in. And, 'the past year' is not something I can relate to either. Not only that, stats can't wholly determine sexual relationships/experiences. Most people I end up speaking to in real life have and are romantically/sexually successful. "My last boyfriend; my exes; my second wife; my FWB; my 4th girlfriend; my recent breakup; my 3 month dry spell; YOU SHOULD HAVE A GIRLFRIEND BY NOW". I hear this often.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Link me to the data. Because I've seen a lot of data regarding this and the number going up tends to be around 10-13%. 28% is far too high
> 40+ partners by the time theyre in their mid twenties  No, that's not normal. On average, 10+ maybe, but not you're ludicrously high estimation.
>I've seen these stats before. 28% is still a minority I don't want to be in. And, 'the past year' is not something I can relate to either. Not only that, stats can't wholly determine sexual relationships/experiences.   The last data I linked wasn't "past year" only. A lot of young men are struggling with women and it's only getting worse. Does that mean there aren't a majority of men that have zero trouble getting laid / finding a relationship? Of course not, but on the other hand the number of men that don't get any attention from women is also extremely high, it's not a 1% or even 5% kind of thing, far, far from it.   >Most people I end up speaking to in real life have and are romantically/sexually successful. "My last boyfriend; my exes; my second wife; my FWB; my 4th girlfriend; my recent breakup; my 3 month dry spell; YOU SHOULD HAVE A GIRLFRIEND BY NOW". I hear this often.  If I was going by anecdotal evidence, I would think unemployment was a hoax, yet data easily shows that there are millions of people who struggle to find a job in my country.
I Was only talking about the 28% of men part of the study not the 20% of women part of the study.
> How many of those people have severe anxiety or other mental health issues and never approached someone?  What's your point? That because someone has severe anxiety or other issues that prevent them from having sex / a relationship their struggle doesn't count? What?  > How many are asexual?  Probably less than 1%.  > How many are between relationships and don't engage in casual sex?  The reverse is also true. How many of those 72% that had sex did it only once or twice during a random hookup that wasn't fullfiling whatsoever? How many did it with escorts?   If you think that there is only a little % of men aged 18-30 that can't get laid in most Western countries, you're completely delusional.
[deleted]
https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2019/03/29/share-americans-not-having-sex-has-reached-record-high/
When I say normal, I don't mean average. It is extremely common though. More than you'd think.
[deleted]
There's a very simple solution to end this argument. Let's look at the actual research and what the researcher concluded, shall we?  "Several hypotheses for why individuals engage in less sexual activity have been proposed. Although theories regarding the use of pornography and longer working hours were not supported by our analyses, plausible reasons include changes in sexual norms that may affect actual and reported sexual activity; the stress and busyness of modern life in which leisure, work, and intimate relationships need to be juggled.  For example, rates of depression and anxiety have increased among young US adults; US adolescents are increasingly postponing the start of adult activities, including sex and dating."  Pressing on,  "Moreover, we found that men with lower income and those with part-time or no employment were more likely to be sexually inactive. These findings are consistent with literature showing associations between lower income and measures of sexual inactivity"  Do you have anything besides anecdotal evidence to defend your position? Cause it seems pretty obvious that mental issues as TinyDancer mentioned and the economy have a way bigger impact than being unattractive.  [https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamanetworkopen/fullarticle/2767066](https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamanetworkopen/fullarticle/2767066)
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thank you I appreciate that. Interesting information. A few things I notice:  "Labor force participation among young men has fallen, particularly in the aftermath of the last recession. Researchers also see a “connection between labor force participation and stable relationships,” she said."  and  "Young men also are more likely to be living with their parents than young women: In 2014, for instance, 35 percent of men age 18 to 34 were living in their parents’ home, compared with 29 percent of women in that age group. At the risk of stating the obvious, “when you’re living at home it’s probably harder to bring sexual partners into your bedroom,” Twenge said."  This doesn't disagree or anything. But these lines of reasoning make sense.
There’s lesbians too ya know, I’m one of those FA lesbians I guess.
unnatractive = lacking good or positive features that make someone want to do something  Someone having depression / anxiety / addicted to porn / autism / unemployed etc. **is** unnatractive and thus will have a hard time getting laid / finding a relationship.
Lol that's just semantic at this point. A lot (around 25%-30% give or take) of young men struggle getting attention from women (whether for sex or a relationship) which was my point.
Just curious, as someone with aspergers, isn't it a mistake to try and speak for most guys, who happen to be neurotypical?  You seem to do that often with phrases such as "A lot (around 25%-30% give or take) of young men struggle getting attention from women (whether for sex or a relationship) which was my point."  And again, where is your data to back that up? Your experiences as FA don't mean that all guys are going through that same experience because once again, most guys do not have the same features and struggles that you do.  It's not to say that its impossible for someone with aspergers to under the POV of the average guy but you rely a lot on absolutes with nothing else to show for it.
Oh no, I have the fab 5. Shit...
[deleted]
Being neurotypical doesn't automatically mean you're going to have zero trouble with women lmao  > And again, where is your data to back that up?  28% of men aged between 18 and 30 reporting having no sex in the past year in the US. That's data, isn't it?  Anyway I'm curious, what % of young men (18-30 again) do you think struggle getting attention from women? 1%? 5%? 10%? 20%?
Again that's semantic. I have never argued **why** there are so many young men struggling with women. I have argued that **there is** so many young men struggling with women. I think it's a fairly easy to understand observation, but guess not.
" Being neurotypical doesn't automatically mean you're going to have zero trouble with women lmao"  You're dealing with absolutes again, relax. Being neurotypical guarantees nothing, correct. Yet it means that it will be much easier to have a social network of friends and find someone. It is an entirely different experience from someone that has trouble recognizing social cues which will directly impact your ability to make friends and more.  "28% of men aged between 18 and 30 reporting having no sex in the past year in the US. That's data, isn't it?"  Are you purposefully forgetting what we're talking about? The issue is that you're making assumptions about this statistic with zero evidence. While the researcher provided some theories. That's all that anyone can do. Yet here you are declaring absolutes, do you see the problem?  Like the researcher said, economics and mental issues plays a big part. Theres a lot of mental issues and many dont like to get the help they need. There is also the problem of an unfavorable job market. Having sex is a lot lower on the priority list of most millenials when they have to deal with trying to move out, get a job and so on. This is exactly why many are getting married at later ages. Yet it works out in the end as those marriages last longer since they have a chance to build stability and get to know their partner. I think feminism plays a part in the sexlessness as well. I'm referring to the guys that want to do the very minimum and are surprised that women now want a guy that does more than that because the woman themselves have careers and are independent themselves.   Your unattractive point seems more like a cop out.
[deleted]
I adressed that in another comment already. I have never argued **why** there are so many young men that are struggling with women (or if you prefer, that have an unhappy / unfullfling or non-existent dating and sexual life). I have argued that **there are** so many young men that are struggling with women which goes completely against OP post, at least the way I understood it.   Since you didn't answer my question, I feel like you're only arguing with the why part for some reason which isn't very relevant.
Yes I understood that you've been arguing semantics from the start. My claim was that **a lot** of young men struggle with women because OP post seemed to imply that the vast majority of other people have no trouble getting sex which is absolutely not the case considering as high as 30% of men aged 18-30 can't get laid on a regular basis.
Actually, both you and OP are doing the same fallacy of relying on absolutes.  Not having sex for a year isn't the end all, be all. You may interpret it as such but again, you're applying your experiences to others when you have no clue what the average guy is actually going through. One year of sex doesn't mean that the individual doesnt have other things to worry about and that they arent dating someone and happy. You define a happy dating life by sex, so speak for yourself. Is that so difficult?  As for OP, it goes without saying that most people don't have that kind of access to [sex.](https://sex.It) It happens but not to the degree as those random reddit comments. I truly can't understand why both of you guys are approaching such a nuanced topic with black and white thinking. Its not one way or the other.
[deleted]
Care to explain that [data](https://mobile.twitter.com/_cingraham/status/1111629177575350279) then?   You still haven't provided any kind of data that would refute the fact that a lot of young men have an unhappy / unfullfling or non-existent dating and sexual life, why? Because there is none? Yeah that's probably why.
Where I live unemployment is at 10% and it's considered a tragedy that millions of people struggle to find a job. As I said, even if only 10% (and again it's obviously way higher) of young men struggle with women, that's still an extremely high number. The number of young people that have a unhappy / unfullfling or non-existent dating and sexual life is extremely high. It's been my point all along and goes directly against OP post.  I feel like I'm repeating myself over and over again, but that's fine.
I get your point man. Im 25 and Haven’t been able to get sex outside escorts and I’m not blaming women or anything. I feel there will always be men & women that will get little to no sexual action in their lives for various reasons but in this day and age it’s becoming more of a problem than it ever was because of how glorified relationships & sex are so its easier to see it as a personal failing more than ever before
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgyokn/23_and_i_dont_think_i_will_ever_find_anyone/
I’m 23 and I’ve always been single. Every girl I’ve tried to talk to always shoot me down and never give me the chance. I know I’m ugly, not funny or any of the things girls like in a man. I don’t want to hear “you’ll find someone, work on yourself for when the right girl comes around” or any of those things just to make someone feel good. I’ve heard this shit 90 thousand fucking times and I’m tired of hearing the same shit over and over again. It just sucks cause I thought I’d have a girlfriend by this age but I’m starting to realize it’ll never happen, if it hasn’t happened before it’ll probably never happen and it really depresses me. Before I know it I’ll have spent all of my youth single, never going on adventures or spending time with someone I love. Life sucks and it always will
I still have some hope left, although being 26 and having Aspergers I know it's very unlikely to happen at this point.
I feel the same exact way although I have no friends to top it all off. Tbh I could care less about finding a partner in life, I’ve already come to terms with the fact that I’ll be alone forever. A friend would be nice though. Not really sure how I’m supposed to make up for having missed out on 4 years of normal socialization and going out having fun. I’m ugly as shit with piss poor social skills and a below average iq so I don’t see why anyone would want to be with me let alone hang out. (20 years old)
Same. I'm trash and understand why I am alone but it still hurts so much
>I don’t want to hear “you’ll find someone, work on yourself for when the  right girl comes around” or any of those things just to make someone  feel good.   Here's the truth then: the odds are against you - and even more against me at 27. If we're going to beat them it will require either a dramatic turnaround in our lives - looks, personality, status, everything - or a lot of boat load of luck.
I remember this one dude breaking down in the library because nobody in the dating sites liked him or messaged him
I'm 24 myself, and I'd say anything after college age comes down to luck. If you make it through the most socially active period in your life KHHV, you just have to count on the universe throwing you a bone. It can happen, we've seen people well into their retirement manage it here, it just takes a lot of luck.
I just dive into books and movies other than work. Fuck my life. I dont got anything else left.
Same I’ve accepted that my looks and personality are undesirable
I'm 30, I'm successful in everything, career, money, friends, socializing, etc you name it,  but I've never had a gf, always rejected for being too short.
Im 26 and I never thought I would still be FA by this age. Cant say thought that I didn't try. Girls are disgusted by my face. What am I gonna do?
S ame...    Now for real, I've been thinking about giving it one last try... but, is there even a point in that? what reason do i have to keep trying even if it's only one more time? why should i?
When you say you don't want to hear "work on yourself for when the right girl comes around" its not meant to make you feel good. It's meant to actually make you work on yourself, daily, and indefinitely. Read an hour a day. Workout. Count calories and eat healthy. Have you tried that? From the sounds of it, I doubt it. And remember this does not require motivation - this is about discipline. Take control of your life. That attracts women.
People walk in and walk out quick it’s really up to you to keep the right ones in your life  Don’t get stuck like me
Anybody on this sub who's older than 30? 40?
21 here and I've practically given up on the idea of getting married or anything , slowly coming to terms that I'm gonna be living alone forever
So out your energy and anger into something else. Weights lifting, money, hobbies. If you have truly given up on human contact, one bright side is you have a ton of uninterrupted time to pursue something else and be great at it at that.
Same I'm 21 and all alone. I was obese and ugly until last year but I decided to not care about not having a girlfriend. So I got a physical job , went to work literally lost 40kg in 1 year. Now when I look in a mirror I realize that I look good not like Brad Pitt but still good. Yet I still don't have a gf. But I don't care , I work, save money keep my good shape, enjoy playing video games and I'm looking forward to buy my own place ,a nice car and travel around the world. I'd still like to have a gf and finally get to fuck some pussy (yeah I'm virgin so fucking what) but if that won't happen so be it. I won't try anymore. I am smart, good looking and hard working and ur probably too. Many girls don't deserve us. So stop thinking like having a gf is the only achievement in ur life. There are many other things you can do. You don't neceserally need a gf.
Bro, if you become jacked, it doesn’t matter if you are ugly, you’ll eventually get someone just because of your body, keep your head up king
Hit the gym and get some gains. No joke, itll help you in every way possible.
bruh just go have fun with the homies and don’t think about that shit
Tinder?
Feels
Same, except I'm 21F. And for most people, if they hear you have zero friends that's an immediate red flag and turn off. So I'm entirely fucked 😣
Listen to me I’m ugly too with no friends. I think it’s important to realize so much of relationship building and making friends are outside of your control especially if you’re ugly. No one wants to be around ugly people. You didn’t choose to be ugly so that’s not your fault, though it does suck, there’s nothing you can do to make people like you.
Yup, not many more classes or clubs or opportunities to meet new people. Just the same old coworkers and hoping for a miracle during the occasional night you go out or someone finally swipes right on you and you play the game perfectly from the start.  I'm just prepping myself for a future alone especially after someone shared a stat that said you're more likely to stay a virgin once you hit 25.
Fuck, you’re scaring me.
It will never happen for me
What is your height if you don’t mind me asking?
What do you mean? No one wants to stick around me
I'm over 30 but I'm not sure why I'm subbed, actually about to unsub. I'm single and love it. I dont have to share my time or money with anyone its amazing.
I don’t have any homies I have no friends at all
Tried every fucking dating app there is nothings worked for me
I lie if I can.   It’s a non-starter in work relationships, and if you didn’t already have enough trouble making friends, not having the basic friend starter pack that most people have by default makes the alarm bells ring.   I have to make up stories about what I’ve done with my imaginary friends on the weekends.
I understand what that is like   Try to find a person who cares  I mean it quite literally people walk up and walk away or in my case drive by I don’t know why to prove I didn’t care or something like that   I wish I could help more   Find someone to hug
Good for you man..
then fuck the world bro, find something that makes you happy and try to invest as much time as you can into it, i was the same way, i had no friends, no girlfriend, felt like i was going nowhere and was gonna be a failure and disappointment, but then i started playing basketball and i fell in love with it, i try to invest 100% of my time into it, you just gotta find what makes you happy and stick with it, it’s gonna take a while but you will feel so much better about yourself, just go through the motions bro
So true. Nobody wants to be friends with someone who has zero. I lie about stuff too just to seem normal. It really sucks :/
No one can help me
Thanks surprised I'm not downvoted to hell yet but you should try it is amazing!
Yea nothing makes me happy, video games are boring, watching tv is boring. I spend everyday at home just cause I have nothing to do. I’m looking for a job but I have to wait. Other than that I just try to sleep all day cause there’s nothing for me to do my life means nothing
You’re either like me or making fun of people who are that alone . I’ll talk to you if that’s what you want
Oh yeah, being single doesn’t bother me. I long for a friend more than anything.  I’m glad you’re enjoying yourself.
Go to the gym. Why is video games and tv the first two things you list. Productivity will make you feel better, not mind numbing entertainment.
have you tried getting high
I’d never make fun of anyone, I’m just saying I’m beyond help I’m a lost cause
I'm sorry man I'm a major introvert so it doesn't bother me not to have friends but I think I kinda understand maybe? I can tell you this much for sure reddit is a terrible substitute for friends...
Fucking hate weed shit fucks with my head
I feel that
I’m a hard introvert myself, it’s more of the fear of missing out as I’ve practically been socially isolated for years. Anyways, yeah Reddit’s Ugh... I feel like I have nowhere else to go, so here I am...
that’s what it does, you just gotta embrace instead of fighting it
Do you mind if I ask how old you are. It took me awhile to get to not caring... I finally realized how much I was missing out by worrying about what I was missing out on.
I’m practically in the same situation as this guy and I’d love to smoke, but I’m two and a half months down on the road to recovery from a psychotic episode and fear how marijuana may effect me. It’s not even relapsing that I’m afraid of, it’s further damaging what ever the fuck got damaged in my brain.  I’m giving it atleast a year, possibly two, before I do any drugs or drink. I’d rather be safe then sorry.  I sound like a fucking loser
Turned 20 on December 4th
I also turned 20 on December 4th, what a coincidence.
Ah unfortunately it might take you awhile to figure it out. I'm in my early 30s
Dope  Hope u enjoyed ur bday
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kh6jiv/everyone_i_went_to_school_with_is_in_a_ltrlives/
...and I've never even make it to "boyfriend and girlfriend" status. it's like a punch in the gut every time I find out someone else is in a relationship. I feel fundamentally wrong.
People won't say if they don't have a girlfriend because it's socially unacceptable.
Just say “yeah I have a girlfriend”   Just leave out the “and her name is Porn” part.
DEMORALIZING
use this to your advantage. join in any activities your friends doing that their partners will be doing too. only a matter of time before you hit it off with one of their friends. you are lucky you have friends in relationships that's best way to meet someone in my experience,
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kh18cq/you_find_someone_when_you_least_expect_it_is/
You seriously think that I can just do nothing and expect nothing to happen because I’m doing in life doesn’t help it happen and suddenly it happens like some miracle? That’s fucking dumb  Unless there’s a study confirming it’s true, I don’t believe it  Also don’t fucking say “but I met someone when I least expected it” because your experience doesn’t represent everyone. Look up anecdotal fallacy
i mean,is kinda of a redundant fact  &#x200B;  most relations happen by developing emotional bonds with someone you know,usually this happens organically and without being planned  &#x200B;  john and ana,meet each other at the library,they go there every sunday (maybe they have similar schedules for studying,meaning they have a time frame and spot they can meet),they ocasionally talk with each other and become friendly  &#x200B;  eventually ana or john invite the other to go out and further deepen their relationship,rinse and repeat untill both are actually really emotionally engaged  &#x200B;  if you asked john and ana if they would have thought they would become romantically interested when they first meet,they probably didnt thought of it,at most they found each other ''cute'' or ''attractive''  so yeah,loves could find you when you less expect it,that isnt equal to ''you will find love eventually''  &#x200B;  the thing is that this kind of things happens to ''normal'' people,with mostly similar set of social skills  &#x200B;  loners dont grow social relations organically,we must plan,train and prepare to achieve what comes magically to others
People are generally just saying it because it happened to them , I don’t think anybody is saying it’s the only way or it will always happen that way ( would be strange if they thought that) .
When it comes to phrases like that, you have to consider where its coming from.  For some, they're already social, "normal" and are constantly getting exposed to new people. They also have goals that they are focused on. Thats why it comes off as least expected, a relationship might have not been their first thought as they met new people and pursued their own interests.   If you have issues such as not being neurotypical, FA, and other categorizations then you won't have that experience. End of story.
I think what they mean by this phrase is not that you can literally sit at home and go to work and someone will just show up.   Rather it sounds more about living a full life with interactions with people and through those interactions you will find someone. This is all heavily dependent upon having a full life and not just going to work and going home.   Basically if what I believe is right you either need super outgoing hobbies or friends for this saying to have merit.
*"You're expecting it pretty hard right now and it's showing.  Please stop."*
>Also don’t fucking say “but I met someone when I least expected it” because your experience doesn’t represent everyone. Look up anecdotal fallacy  Exactly this. Everyone thinks just because it worked for them that it applies to everyone. That's why getting unsolicited advice is worthless, unless it's relevant to your experience. I don't give a shit what works for everyone else, because it hasn't worked for me.
I feel like dating is more analogous to surfing. You're right, simply just going into the water and expecting a wave to show up right next to you won't happen.   However, you have to meet the waves halfway and paddle a little to catch some of them (find a partner). Sometimes, the wave is too small, but you'll eventually hit a decent one. No guarantee that the wave won't drown you, though.   It is easier for normal people for sure just because of their social connections/ability to act normally. For us, the harsh reality is that we are going to have to put in some sort of effort, maybe more because it's just hard for us. I sure as hell ain't getting a gf by sitting in my room studying and gaming all day.
Normies be getting romantic advice from the Magic Conch: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=4Hmt26rk9Q4  It somehow works for them, though, just like in the episode.
[removed]
>normal people don’t actively seek out friends and SO’s. It just happens naturally for them.   there in lies our problem,  we aren't necessarily normal, or at least not by societies standards at any rate.    But remember that when people say that sort of thing its 90% manners and 10% impulse.   I don't believe that they really believe what they are saying, its just what edict demands they say.
If you havent realized it its something meant to be told to children and those who ate still innocent. Once your am adult you realize all these thing they told you were bunch of lies
Someone's expecting it.
I mean it could very well be a common thing for regular people and just uncommon for those of us who are very unattractive
Its kind of true, but I only met 1 person in my 28 years. I even friendzoned her first, even then I was as fa as now still. I thought she wouldnt like me.
>loners dont grow social relations organically,we must plan,train and prepare to achieve what comes magically to others  Spot on.
Plus, normal people don’t actively seek out friends and SO’s. It just happens naturally for them.   They go to class/work, make a few friends, get invited to some dinner parties, make some more friends, add these people on social media, get invited to other events, and their social circle just keeps growing from there. And somewhere along the way they meet a girl who becomes their SO.
Exactly. I think in school we should give mandatory classes teaching people about logical fallacies
>I sure as hell ain't getting a gf by sitting in my room studying and gaming all day.  I did make this mistake in the Uni days. Now I decided to get out their more, the pandemic hit and I am forced to stay at home (UK distancing has been very strict). I was going to start doing what all the normies say and volunteer, go to bars, join clubs etc.
People always assume why websites like incels .co have so many people who hate humanity. These kinds of forums wouldn’t exist if society didn’t treat virgins like shit
Adults often believe this lies too
I agree. The advice that was given to OP works but it works for normal people. I struggled to have any friends after middle school and few women are attracted to me. I'll be 34 soon and i don't think I'll ever have a gf.
I'm a virgin and I never resent humanity. It used to be the case for me but years of people demoralizing me and rejecting me, and taking advantage of me and my optimism and dreams are all dashed into resentment and jealousy. I'm mad that I see couples because every chance I get ends in a "no" so why are people demanding me that I take it and fake a smile like a good little boy? It's infuriating!
It’s like watching people eat as you starve
My thoughts exactly
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kh8adv/being_fa_makes_me_angry_sometimes/
I am not an angel but I am not a bad person. Even very evil people has people around them. I don't. I am angry with the universe, with god. If I die and god exist I am gonna ask him one question. Why did you fucking create me so autistic? What could I possibly have done to deserve that?   I also think people like angry people better than silent fa guys. I dunno.  I get angry, I get depressed than I dont wanna talk to none anymore. Its never ending cycle. Only I have books and movies. I think they could last me till I die.
I've been both angry and the silent FA guy. I'm hated for different reasons.
You either end up depressed or focusing it outward on the world. So it goes.  Also I totally am on board with being tired by the "find a hobby or good job" thing, like even if that was easy in the first place... yeah, sure.
I mean idk if it is good to get angry over that. It can be frustrating, but ultimately just because some bad people get something doesn't mean that those who aren't bad are going to be guaranteed it, and when it comes to romance, just because we aren't bad people doesn't mean we are attractive in any way, being attractive can be about more than just good or bad anyway
It's completely normal to be frustrated and angry, but please don't see it as a positive trait. You're fully entitled to your emotions, just realise that they are just that, and not something you should aim to be because you think people might like you better, which they definitely won't.
I grow increasingly more resentful and angry over time. I'm dead tired of being the singled out guy in any community who everyone chooses to walk over.   I understand that it is because of my lower self-esteem and general inability to stand up for myself, but anywhere I go if I let everyone walk over me I'm put down and if I try to stand up for myself I'm treated as a dangerous psychopath.  I would love being alone if loneliness isn't programmed to be a killer in human beings, still, preferable to dealing with people I guess. At least my workplace is filled with people similar to me (in hobbies, interests and sense of humor) so I'm blessed in that way.
Find some nice copes to distract you. Having a hobby or good job helps decrease the pain.
Usually, when I see someone in a relationship, I think, “Good for you.” I wish them well, feel a little pang of jealousy, but nothing to loose sleep over, and I carry on.  Occasionally, when I see a really horrible person in a relationship, and in a relationship with someone wonderful, and said horrible person isn’t even what I would consider terribly attractive... I won’t go so far as to say, “It makes me angry,” but it does sting in a unique way.
My mood constantly jumps between anger, sadness, confusion and apathy. So i kinda see what you mean
It’s extra depressing to know there is no free will and even if all of us do a do-over, we’d end up making the same moves and mistakes and end up on here. Time travel with current knowledge is obviously different but yeah. It sucks that I was always bound to being this idiot and it’s really starting to get to me that I’m boring and unattractive. I haven’t gotten a single fucking match on OLD and dates I do go on haven’t been successful. The failures then get to me and makes me more shy and quiet it’s a fucking never ending cycle
Demoralizing
No offense but I am so tired of that response I wanna block you
I won't lie bro, I've got plenty of hobbies but this still hangs in the back of my mind so that's a bs answer
You sound pleasant
Then what the fuck do you want? Why did you even post?
How so?
I dont know sing me a lullaby maybe
Nice to see you still have some attitude OP. Have you considered finding a way to direct it otwards something virile? Adult sports teams? The army? Volunteering to do something dangerous or unusual like African anti poaching units? Its not like youve got something to lose
I’m guessing your responses say a lot about why you’re single man. You can’t make a post about being FA and angry and then when someone tries to help you get pissed.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kh75sx/what_do_you_guys_say_at_the_doctor/
When I go to the doctor they usually give me a sheet where I rate my happiness, stress, anxiety, etc. but I always just give the highest happiness level, lowest stress, etc. because I’m scared it would ruin my chances at being a pilot someday. What do you guys do?
I dont even wanna drive because I am so fucking depressed. I wouldnt stop myself from hitting up a tree with 100 mp/h speed, I am afraid.
\^You're right about the pilot part. I was on Antipsychotics, and the time between last treatment and approved for flight is like 5-times the maximum pharmacologic half-life of the medication; or 5-times the maximum hour dose interval if pharmacologic half-life information is not available. For example, there is a 30-hour wait time for a medication that is taken every 4 to 6 hours (5 times 6).   But I can tell you this. If your untreated illness one gets the best of you and you feel suicidal, You may be inclined to crash. Germanwings 9525.   Key point. Be honest.
I always rate the highest numbers of depression. No one gives a shit.
I was honest and got prescribed an anti-depressant. I didn't like the side effects though so I quit a few weeks later. Also my physician used to ask if I was sexually active. Then the last time I saw him he didn't lol.
I've always wanted to join the army, but like you I've had many issues and went into therapy to help. Pretty much they lied to me about it affecting my chances of getting in and I got deferred for a year. Managed to fight an appeal and get in but I have friends in similar situations who never made it.  Unless you really do need the medical help then do get it but if you feel you'll be happier in the long run becoming a pilot than concentrate and put your effort into that. I hope it works out for you.
I'm a scaredy cat so I don't want to drive or pilot anything, so Idk. I would personally be honest, I don't think I am capable of lying about my condition, especially where one look at me would tell anyone that I am not exactly the happiest guy.
> happiness, stress, anxiety  Ironically how well you handle moderate to high levels of those define how good of a pilot you'll be.  So if you can handle moderate levels of that stuff on the ground you'll do better in the air than someone who has no experience and thus panics the first time the instructor shuts off the engine or messes with them during an IFR approach.
Because I'm such a smart person with such a healthy mind who refuses medication and therapy alike and just *loves* staying in my depressed mind, I always tell the doctor I'm dandy. I wouldn't risk anything by opening up, I just don't want to.  But yeah, please don't go and crash any planes in the French alps, OP.
dude lower the happiness and higher the stress and anxiety by like a bit. Because those records if actually assesed would often be disregarded as they seem fake. Trust me on that.
It's always best to be honest. If you need help with mental health, it's best to say so.
Yeah, it's probably a good idea for OP to tell the truth to his doctor before he decided to crash the plane into the mountains.
#
I don’t want to say “be dishonest”, but it would be horrible if you were disqualified from doing what you want to do.  On the other hand, you will be entrusted with the lives of others, and you should be trusted to make decisions from an unclouded mental state.  I would urge you to VERY DISCREETLY speak to a professional.
Probably matters this time since they wouldn't want to give a depressed dude his pilot's license since he could suicide along with innocents.
I feel like 99% of my sadness would disappear if I had a girlfriend, but yeah I think I’d be happier as a pilot
It helped me and in an ideal world it would always be the best solution for every person.  Thing is though that I also know people who regreted getting help and were in a worse situation afterwards regarding their career, friends, family and debt. I can understand both sides, the people who get help and the ones who don't.  I honestly wish that the way we treat mental issues would be far better, because I know no country that really handles it well, even with universal healthcare.
Et tu brutal! My late father in the Air Force augered into the side of a mountain in his A-10 and the loss and suffering horrendous Thanks So Much for the flashback Pal! You have a Kwanza ok?
What I did for the Army. Was that I was treated in Mexico because I can literally see the border from my house. So I went to get operated there and get my psychiatric medication there. That way when they pull up my insurance record, it’s like I’m healthy
There is a fair chance that being a pilot will massively increase your chances of meeting someone.
Yeah I think so. Lots of traveling and the money will definitely help. I’d prefer to be loved for being me and not for money though.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kh7fgm/cant_find_a_girlfriend/
I’ve tried for around a decade or so to find a girlfriend.  I thoroughly enjoy being single, but it’s getting to the point where I’m beginning to realize I’m not getting any younger and would like someone to join me in the ride through life.   I have tried many different dating apps. I have probably communicated with 50+ women over the last decade on them and out of all of those, I’ve only ever gotten one date.  I’ve tried in person events and more recently singles events on Zoom with the pandemic. After trying around seven of the events so far, I haven’t even gotten a match for a second date.  I continue to try events from the same program. I’m going to a Zoom Christmas singles party next weekend and then doing another singles game night in mid January.    I have very few friends who can introduce me to women and don’t have an established social circle as I matured late and only gained real confidence around 6 months ago. As such, I have only scattered friends who I don’t communicate with that much.   I have messaged around 20-30 woman on foreveralonedating. None of them ever went anywhere.   I’ve say in total I’ve spoken to or seen maybe a couple hundred women in that time. There is one girl who likes me but she’s moving to a different state so we’ve decided it won’t work out.   I’m at a total loss. I feel like I’ve explored all avenues to try to meet someone and have not. I am gonna be 29 next year and have never been in a relationship. I don’t actually know what it feels like to be in love with someone, because it’s never happened for me. I don’t see any other avenues to be frank, and I’m not willing to travel a far distance to meet someone, I’d rather meet them in my local area.  Also I am definitely willing to keep trying. I am far from giving up meeting someone. In fact this is only the beginning. I’m really going to start upping the ante very soon when it comes to putting myself out there. It’ll be much better for me once the pandemic is behind because then I can reassemble my old life which was quite active. I used to travel somewhere new with a friend every Saturday and now we don’t do that anymore as he’s been uncomfortable with meeting up. We also discussed strategies on how to approach women.   I attempt to get better at this everyday, and want to get even better. It’s been a long road but I know I’ve got a long ways ahead of me before giving up, if I ever even do.
Life is a fucking scam bro
U can do this!
If there is one girl that likes you then move to the other state. You may never get another opportunity
[deleted]
[removed]
Man that’s tough.   I mean it’s not even that. I don’t even read up on any of those studies or anything like that as I don’t completely trust them. I always think there is some fact that will always be proven wrong.   I don’t personally mind rejection, in fact I think it makes me a stronger person because all I think to myself is that it wasn’t me that contributed to it and it tends to increase my confidence. My confidence at this point is at a pretty decent level.   I don’t even really trust the people that say OF or Instagram make it harder to date due to an overabundance of thirsty guys because some men that are very overweight and unattractive have had beautiful girlfriends. I’ve seen it happen before and it always leaves me with hope. Also I think it’s good women have an outlet to go to where they can express themselves and wouldn’t want it taken away from them.  I have two wonderful hobbies I do on the daily that are extremely enjoyable and I’m very passionate about them and before covid I went to all different events and areas with my friend and definitely hope to do that again with him.   I understand where you’re coming from and I would commend you for getting as far as you have. Personally I’d keep trying, you are only 24 and people even get married in their 50s and yes I know it’s late, but it’s still definitely possible to get into a relationship late in life.
That’s because I’m being a friend to them. I understand what they go through on a daily basis and share their struggles. I feel as though they are misunderstood.  However, I do not believe in anything the incels do. I am just simply there to be a mentor to them as well as keep them company. Sort of like an advocate.   In reality I wanted to join that sub because I had realized how much bullying they were going through and wanted to give them some confidence in themselves. I do weekly check ins and work on the sub. I don’t do anything else.  It isn’t for the reason you think it is. I have always loved studying the ideology however. It’s fascinating how their theory works and I accept that they have that theory, but I’d never adopt it myself.   Even before I joined that sub I was looking for a relationship.
I believe there is some truth on that sub, especially for dating app hookup culture, just as there are other types of relationships where personality matters a lot more than looks. The sad thing is that many of the people on that sub have body dysmorphia, anxiety, or similar issues and aren't even that unattractive. But as always the truth is hidden and more nuanced than either extreme tends to think.  You seem like a truly good person. Good luck finding someone man. Not that I could ever "be a mentor" to you seeing as I barely even have any friends, let alone a SO.
[removed]
No actually, I always think it’s something on the woman’s part.   I’ve seen men that are relatively average or below average in looks with decent women. I personally think looks don’t matter as much as people think.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgz8l2/anyone_else_here_who_geniunely_hasnt_tried/
Like tried anything  beyond friendship at all? I'm 21 never attempted not even thought for a second about relationships and all that jazz. Never had an action either
Yeah pretty much. I only ever really asked one girl out (i'm 27 btw) which was already a miracle for me. She rejected me and i'm still beating myself up over the whole situation (HOW could i be so dumb and even think it was possible that anyone could be into me... and stuff like that). But apart from that one time, there is absolutely nothing. I feel like a total failure and too broken to date. I wouldn't know how or where to meet women, i don't know *what* i'm looking for in a woman, and quite honestly if by a miracle i had a girlfriend i wouldn't know what to do with her.
Tried irl? Nope never. I have Aspergers and approaching people is something I absolutely loath to do. I can't imagine myself ever asking a woman out for example (I don't meet girls my age anymore anyway).   Tried online? Sure. I've been on Tinder / Bumble and OKCupid for a while now and have yet to have my first conversation on here. Nothing surprising though since I'm average looking at best.
[deleted]
Nope, I’m just kind of ugly and gross looking tbh. Which is fine, not everyone wins the genetic lottery I guess. I really liked a guy for about 2 years but I feel like it’s just pointless to even try to become more than pals with him since he just doesn’t seem interested in being more than friends with a total idiot like me. I still like him alot but I think he most likely just wants to be with my other friends even though I once felt like he really liked my personality and hanging out with me.   That was probably a bit too ranty for this sub, my apologies ‘:)
I'm 30 and never even tried friendship with a girl. Most I can do is being an acquaintance. I don't really know how to make friends, or be a friend, and I am absolutely clueless on relationships.
I've been ridiculed and treated like shit for how I look my entire life so I never thought there was any reason to "put myself out there".
I don’t really have any opportunities that I feel would actually lead to a good relationship
It's fair to say I've never put a great deal of effort into pursuing women. I've never really had the feeling they're interested in me as anything beyond a casual acquaintance, so it seemed worthless to try for anything more. There have been three occasions where I've thrown caution to the wind (one of those times the girl actually seemed somewhat interested), but they all ended in failure. The one girl I thought was giving me hints, said she doesn't see me "in that way". I'm obviously shit at reading women.
I've had some crushes when I was in school/college, but never acted on them. I don't have problems acting normally with women and generally end up having friendly conversations with them. Never attempted to go farther. But then I had a major depression, dropped out of university and got diagnosed with asperger. I've been staying with my parents for 10 years, only going outside for medical appointments and the few part time jobs I've held. I haven't met a woman my age in years. I've just finished my computer science degree (all online), though, so I shall attempt to rejoin normal society once covid is resolved.
I’ve tried and failed. Every time. I’m 30 now, I’ve just about given up. I’ve got too many red flags.
I've thought about it but haven't had the confidence to act on it. I actually had a girlfriend a few years ago, but only because she initiated everything. In the two years since, I've been on two dates, both of which I initiated on Tinder. They were nice girls but I didn't initiate second dates because I was scared of rejection. If someone rejects you on Tinder it is no big deal, they don't know you. If someone rejects you after a date it is a more personal rejection. It's pathetic and I hate myself for it, but I am scared of that rejection. I knew that I should have asked them on second dates but I couldn't bring myself to do it.  I've liked a girl for the past year. We were friends and she was single and yet I did nothing. I kept her at an emotional "arm's length" and dropped 0 hints. The girl that I liked before her told me that I come across as aloof. She missed slightly. I'm worse than aloof, I'm scared of showing any affection that could be rejected. Playing aloof is the cowardly, safe option. In the ultimate illustration of how ridiculous I am being, the girl I liked just got into a relationship with my doppelganger. A guy who is the same age as me, looks very much like me, is the same height as me, studies the same subject at the same university as me, attends the same sports club, shares at least 2 other hobbies, has a similar personality and is a good friend of mine. The key difference, I believe, is that he was not paralysed by the fear of her rejection.  I don't see myself in a positive light and therefore, when talking to women I like, the stakes are incredibly high. Her rejection would just reaffirm the inadequacies that I sometimes believe about myself. So it is safest to remove her power completely. To reveal as little as possible and pretend I have no interest in her. I don't want to act like that. I would prefer to be self-assured but I am just being honest about the way that I have observed myself acting. I have come to accept that I have a self-inflicted problem. It is not so easy to fix though.  Sorry for the vent. In short, yeah me too.
I never approached anyone or put myself out there. The reason is I'm plain hideous and I think it would be an insult for any girl and I put myself on her shoes and it would be awful for her if some kind of monster like me tries to win her over. And I would be rejected anyway so
I’ve never done any online dating, but I’ve tried to introduce myself to women I like irl and it’s never worked out.
I stopped trying. No matter what i do, people will give my shit and I'll feel like giving them shit back.  Why bothet to invest more energy if the outcome will be unpleasant anyways
I have asked out three women irl back when I was in college. Two of them were lesbian though (i'm horrible at reading social cues.) After college I basicaly gave up.  Like over ten yaers later a cool awesome woman flirted with me on reddit but had no real interest in me beyond being friends.  Kind of gave me hope. Now I go to subs like this to crush it.  Yet, many of the reasons why I never managed to date would  probably make me AWFUL at dating.
Tbh I’ve always kept to myself because I’ve always assumed nobody would be interested anyways, and yet I also have high standards so I never really fell in love with anybody and really want a future with them until my last semester of college (and meeting them kind of just happened). So I confessed for the first time. Unfortunately, she already wanted someone else and got with them, and now I’m kicking myself and suffering from one-sided feelings. I do feel like the self-defeatist attitude that leads to never trying probably accounts for a good portion of us though. This was a good experience for me overall though, because now I’m not really afraid of trying, and I have more confidence in myself (she made me much more confident even if she doesn’t know it).
im 24 and it's been a while since the last time I tried, and as many have pointed out already, im hardly around women my age anymore... so im ready to give up entirely.
I haven't gotten an invitation to try, I'll put it that way. Women like to talk about men taking the initiative, but what they really mean is they want men they're attracted to to take the initiative. I learned a long time ago that when guys they don't find attractive try to make advances, they're insulted and sometimes even threatened.
I've asked out about three girls ever and got rejected all three times. Never tried after that. Had a suspicion it was over for me after the third try. There will always be that little glint of hope, until I die.
I was focused on my education and future career all through high school and college. Once I entered the working world, I just sorta accepted upfront that I'd probably always be alone and never even tried. It wasn't till the start of 2019, at the age of 32, that loneliness started to eat away at me enough that I started making the effort.  For the record, I've gotten absolutely nowhere since then. Well, that's not quite true but the details are complicated and lengthy to explain.
I figured out early on in my life that I'm a lost cause and I have never even bothered to try. Honestly I think this attitude has saved me from a lot of trouble and I am overall content with my life.
no
Same probably wont change anytime soon bit will. Instead focus on making money since I dont have to worry about children, wedding or buying a house. Turn this curse into a blessing
Same here, I'm 21. Tried once, got rejected and never tried again ever since.
that's me, never tried to make friends either, which is just as well  since I have a nack for making people hate me.   I learned long ago that the less I'm around the better people like it.
I tried once. We were pretty good friends and I thought I had a chance(idiot), so I asked her out. The happiness I felt when she said she’d like to go to a movie with me was amazing. I felt like I was in heaven. Then, shortly after, when she stood me up and quit talking to me I felt like I descended to hell and that’s where I’ve been ever since.
Nobody "tries". If it doesn't happen, it's because they don't want you.
since my divorce I havent tried at all. friends is it. been a couple years now
It really sucks. Don't you feel like you have severely limited yourself by doing So? Or do you have no regrets
I feel the same.
Man seriously stop thinking that a single girl matters to your success. You really need to get over your pride and ask out one hundred girls.  Do it online. 95% of them say no but you will go out with 5 and 1 will have a great time with you. At leats thats whatcis has been for me. No relationship for me yet but I am trying and im the same age as you.
You are aware that if online dating works out for you youll eventually have to meet with that girl irl right?
Really sucks cause this really limits us! Who knows if you actually try you might see success
Do you gave guy friends Atleast? Or had girls try be friends
How many times did you try?
Have girls atleast tried to be your friend?
How So?
Shit if its this bad I won't ever try
This is just sad.
You realise this is the "forever alone" forum, right?
You’ve not only been in a relationship, but you’ve been married. This is more for people who never had a shot to begin with.
Divorce? Ha ha ha
Yes of course when i make no effort to date i won't have a chance to find someone. At this point i'm convinced that nobody could truly be interested in me and there are many many things that are wrong with me that need attention before i should even think about dating, that's why i don't try.  It's a lose-lose-situation
I don't know how you came up with those numbers, but casting that aside i struggle to see where i could find 100something women to ask out to begin with. Casting that aside, If i did, a few might even say yes (I don't know) initially but if i actually went out with anyone and spent some time with them they all would not be interested. This might sound overly negative, but believe me, i have so many dealbreakers and i'm simply not what any woman wants in a partner. If you met me IRL you'd see why.
Sure. I have no problem meeting people that have already expressed an interest in me online. Approaching someone irl on the other hand is something infinitely more difficult to do for me (unless they made it extremely obvious that they were into me I guess which almost never happens for average guys).
I’ve lost count. Somewhere around two dozen, I’d presume.
No, girls have always told me how ugly, gross, hideous and unlovable I was and avoided me like plague (which is understandable)
They just weren’t interested in me.
Yes I do. Oh my apologies does forever alone mean from birth? Or can it be a choice made later on in life? Let me know the stipulations for this group. Thanks in advance
“This is More for people who never had a shot” got it. I have a better understanding of  what this sub is for now. It also seems that I don’t fit in here. Thank you for the  clarification.
Yes that is how it is for most men. I know a guy who always has a girl. How does he do it? He hits on girls everywhere he goes and has great social skills. That is how the game is played for average looking guys.
He is just venting ignore him. If you feel FA, you can be in this sub.
meh,dont worry about     In general,to be forever alone you dont necesarily need to be a virgin or neven having a relationship,but you need to have experienced prolonged periods of loneliness and unsucesful romantic life (3-5 years and onwards)  but if you are feeling lonely or anything,pass by
My social skills are very very poor though, that's exactly (part of) the problem. I don't want a thousand different girls, one would be more than enough.
It’s all good everyone needs a chance to vent
Understood. Never had a girlfriend in school, joined the army again no friends. Got out still none.that puts me at 29 . Yes I was married, but she couldn’t handle my want to be alone. Been alone since. So in all I’ve been alone 30+ years
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgsg9v/just_heard_my_own_parents_make_fun_of_my/
They've called me ugly, brown etc to my face so I'm used to it but it's the fact they we're talking about it privately is what hurt me. If you're own parents think you're ugly then you're destined to be alone.
Doesn't that imply they're ugly too?
Your parents are fucking pieces of shit and you shouldn't live with them
Why would they call you brown as an insult? Unless you're adopted?
What omg if you re old enough you should move on dont live with this toxic people
You deserve better. Junk them
Yeah that would hurt,nothing worse then parents putting down there own children,it makes no sense!! You put us here lol
Do they actually realise it was them who created you? Are they stupid?
You're not destined to be alone. You need to be "the one that got away".  When I was younger, I noticed a number of families in my neighborhood with a child that was never or close to never around.   I learned later on these were the children, siblings etc that had successful lives with balance and little to no dysfunction.  They were "the ones that got away" from their dysfunctional families of origin.  My own stepfather had a brother that could have been a twin (which is of no relevance) but you never saw him at ANY family function or get together ever!   He got away, stayed away. Married a nice lady and had nice, well mannered, intelligent children who also kept away.   Sometimes our family of origin are not the best people for us. We need to go out in to the world and create our own family.   Focus on your education, get to considering what profession you'd like to work in, pay attention to your health, hygiene and fitness and your looks will develop in to attractiveness. Meet people, all sorts of people from all sorts of backgrounds. You will make friends and have lovers and romantic partners and professional partnerships.  These are lessons I learned way too late for them to do me any good. My father left. Never saw him again. My mother blamed me. I tried for years to turn her head, as they say, and make her love me. Didn't happen. She passed away with our issues never resolved.  I just wish I knew I could go out in to the world and create my own life and family.   Do it. Get away. Stay away.. and never look back. Just keep moving forward building your life and family.
Lol get in line. My indian parents have told I'm result of all the sins they did in their past life.
Being the Megs of the world. That just kicks me back into some shit memories. I feel ya
That's the truth, if our parents think we are losers in the looks department, then so be it, we are.  I was talking with my mom one day many years ago about how someone wasn't that good looking, and she didn't like my response to the conversation. She looks at me and says in a straight face, "You're no prize either."  That saying about having a face only a mother could love is bullshit. Mine has told me, my looks aren't even good enough for her, and she made me.
Another example why not everyone should have kids sorry you went through that
"I was born into this body. You created it. Everything I am is on you".  Fellow Asian, that had a mum somewhat obsessed with me *not* being near the sun. They are your parents, so they have no idea just how hurtful you can be in retaliation.  But don't keep it on your mind. Their casual hatefulness will die when they see how far you can come despite their idiotic and destructive opinions.
you deserve the distance and perspective to see far beyond such an unfair, mean statement.
I don’t think I’ve ever heard my parents say I’m ugly. But they have made fun of of my stuttering problem. But I know they do. My sister and some of her friends have called me ugly and what pisses me off is that that my entire family and relatives are attractive while I’m the only who one who is ugly with a stuttering problem. My sister is the exact opposite of me she’s attractive, popular, has a lot of friends, has pretty good grades, a little athletic, has had a couple boyfriends, guys are always going after her, but she’s not a good person.
You should tell them "well you made me. Not my fault your genes are garbage".
What others - even your parents - think or say about you, is just their opinion. You need to form your own view of the world, to seek your own truth. Don't be dependent on external validation, it's your own thoughts and feelings which matter. As others suggested, get away from these people, go your own way.   Calling  you ugly is incredible rude, even if it *were* true. Calling you "brown" is outright stupid. As if the color of their skin made Nelson Mandela or Dr. Martin Luther King lesser men. As if someone like Rihanna or Naomi Campbell would be more beautiful if they were white. We live in the 3rd millennium and it's about time to leave this nonsense behind.
Growing up my parents used to say really mean things about my appearance.   I realize now something was really wrong with them and I was never ugly - they were.
Happened so many times to me.. When i was pretending to be a asleep.. my parents, siblings and relatives would talk shit about me. Guess what.. i kept it all to myself and internalized it..
But they’re just insulting themselves??
Dude, it is horrible, BUT, good things could come out of this too, depends on your mindset. I agree that those parents don't seem to be a good example, but simply tells you that you'll need to find better people or trust yourself a little more.  For one, you this could build your character, since throughout life there will be a lot of assholes that will say bad things about you, no matter if they are right or not. Also, appearance are very subjective, so as hurtful as it may  be due to the importance that people think it has, try not to obses over it.  Also, you'll appreciate more the people that will like you, the way you look or the way you are or other things about yourself.  Finally, to be fair with your self. All these movements about self-acceptance are bad on the long run. If you're not as beautiful as a model, don't bullshit yourself in believing that you're beautiful as a model and don't expect people to say that.
You got the genes from them, so that means they carry ugly with them every day lmao
My own mother said I looked like a bird behind my back. :(
I mean I can understand the ugly part but brown, to their own son, as if that's an insult. What the actual fuck. And people still try and pretend colorism and racism don't exist
Sorry you had to hear it, but they probably mean well.
Our parents claim to love us, but I just know they hate us. I feel that way, that's why I'm never speaking to a family member ever again. They don't deserve my time or respect anymore. They've treated me like trash my entire life and I'm over it.
Parent Divorce! TOXIC Family + permanent remove yourself from situation and plant a tree online for their funeral.
Hysterical
YOU GAVE ME THE UGLY  - Patrick Star
Ye I'm planning to move out for uni and I'll be taking all my insecurities with me
In Asian culture people with fair skin or lighter coloured skin are considered beautiful or handsome so if you have dark skin you're unattractive
Never were truer words said. Bless you mate.
Yes
Try to get therapy if the school offers if it and nip it in the bud as they say. It's not a cure but I'm sure it'll help.
well i'm 14 and my mom constantly abuses me. since im so young im stuck with her for a long time :(
Forget that BS, your skin is beautiful no matter what shade it is. I’m so sorry your parents are such assholes.
Well if you're living the U.S. darker/tanned skin is good, pale skin is bad. So, great news if you're around here. I think most of western likes tanning? It's like, you're able to vacation to tropics and get a tan. While being pale means you're just stuck in the office all day.
Idk where you live but here in canada it doesn’t matter how dark you are as an asian.... if you’re attractive, you’re attractive.
Which is entirely untrue. Dark skin looks amazing.
[removed]
Thanks.
I've been there. Trust me these years will pass you by. Just keep holding on ❤️
Not really true in the us according to statistics being white is still better then being me
LMAO, you actually believe this. LMAO.
He's right. Especially in South Asia, this toxic culture is at it's peak. If you're fair skinned, you are born with an advantage, it's as simple as that.
I'm not American and I think you're xenophobic dude at least you're statement is
And how will you feel if I say, "I'm uncomfortable with white people living in our countries, they bring racism here and make an already bad problem in South Asia worse". Mind you, it wasn't us who spread racism all over the world, people belonging to a certain colour did it.
i'm just about ready to give up because everybody hates me
It's not a conspiracy. Why do you think pale people go to the beach and tan.
That's fucked up. That's why they bleach their skin
Dude, if that were, true the NSFW subreddits, porn sites, cam sites, Twitch just chatting, clothing catalogues, etc. would have much more dark skinned people. But no, they're all dominated by pasty ass, white girls. There's always someone with an outrageous reason why they're FA, but this takes the cake. Apparently paleness is not a favored feature in a white-dominated society.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgtzbk/maybe_im_just_not_good_enough_for_a_partner/
[I’m](https://imgur.com/a/3s0gQEJ) a 22 year old autistic male who has depression and anxiety and might be bipolar too. Because of these things, I’ve always had difficulties socializing and finding a partner especially. Out in public, I tried just walking up to women and talking to them or just waving and I either get looked at weird or cussed out or some variation of that. Because of all the bad experiences I’ve had trying to go out and meet women, I use dating apps (I use all the popular ones) and that doesn’t work either no matter what advice I follow or who looks at my profile.   The closest I’ve come to having a partner was some woman on InterPals who lived in Europe last summer. Surprise surprise, she ghosted me for another man even after telling me she loved and cared about me. I am still in a lot of pain over what happened because I genuinely saw a future with her...  I don’t have looks (I’m not obese or overweight even, but I’m no movie star), personality, or money on my side and probably never will because of my condition(s). I have very boring homebody hobbies like reading books and gaming too. On top of this, I have a hard time relating to people my age (both male and female). Making friends and finding romantic partners has always been difficult for me. Even now, most of my friends are online or they lived near me but moved away and I don’t get to see them.   Whatever, maybe this is the universe’s way of telling me that I am not deserving of a partner or companionship.
Is it common there (in the states) to just walk up to a stranger and start chatting them up? I'm in England and I've never once seen it happen or indeed tried it myself. I suspect if I did, it would be classed as harassment.
Exact same spot as you my guy. Can get along great with coworkers and stuff but they never really go the full mile to include you in the after hours activities. You say one wrong thing and you get that deer in the headlights look. Sometimes you dont even feel human because you can sense how people treat you slightly different then other people.  &#x200B;  You can be somewhere for months on end and watch the new guy seamlessly make their way into the group without any kind of trouble meanwhile you occasionally get the coworker that forgets your name despite having plenty of interactions with them. Sound familiar?   &#x200B;  By the way you arent ugly at all my dude. Above average even. Unfortunately people like us dont have that spark that captures peoples attentions enough for them to really give a fuck about us. after we're out of sight we're out of mind :/  &#x200B;  I guess it has its advantages though. If you ever wanted to get away with something like a heist it'd be pretty easy. [Related pic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rLKxRdYoJw)  &#x200B;  \-From one grey man to another
Why has no one actually bothered to answer this guys post. That's kinda heartbreaking
No homo but I think you look good man.  I also suffer from mental health. Stay strong it took me a long while to conquer it. I’m still FA but I don’t suffer from depression and anxiety as much as I used to which is a big improvement to QoL.
I would kill for your looks. Try chatting up 100 girls and I guarantee you will see some success. Wish you the best of luck <3
can't see the imgur photo
Honestly you have a great jawline and facial structure, and dress rather cleanly as well.  Probably doesn't help much from a straight male on this sub, but you look good, don't beat yourself up about how you look if you can help it.
Safe to say your looks are not the issue here.
It’s not common anymore unless you’re crazy attractive.   This is just asking to be charged with something and I’d never recommend it
I guess not... I got written up for harassment too...
It happens a surprising amount. You probably don't realise but people do actually do it. It's easy to get caught in your own notions about how people interact with each other but obviously that's not necessarily reflective of what happens when you're not around.  I'm a young adult male and although it's not as popular as it once was I have acquaintances I've known who have made lots of casual relationships which have developed into other things this way.
I’ve already tried that and gotten nowhere
Oh man, that sucks :( If your looks wont do it, then im fucked.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgnd3r/i_lost_my_virginity_today/
(In Cyberpunk 2077)
i lost  it a long time ago. I think Fallout 2 was the game...
I remember when I got married in skyrim, my mom walked in and cried... because she knew I wouldnt be getting married irl ☹️
I lost it in the Sims 2 when I was 14 :')
Did you wear protection? Don't want your dick to bug out and clip into her skull and kill her
I lost my virginity in cod when I was raped by a sniper.
I lost it in Assassin Creed Brotherhood long back when I was 11
I lost mine in Dark Souls... There were so many gankers...  They... Backstabbed me without consent.
I went on a date with Papyrus (no homo), and he rejected me. So hey, further than me!
No way 😳
For real ? How where you at that moment ?
I have a cybernetic condom fused into my dick so it’s always ready
In 2014, CODAW, I thought Ilona was into me but the writers didn't take it anywhere.
Caterina Sforza was just using us anyway.
I felt awkward and didn't know why she was crying
Library Raid! https://i.imgur.com/rk9Oc8V.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/JUvUvQS.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/QJPnOwo.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/KnWbxOb.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/F0k3irk.jpg   http://black girls ode.com  http://kode with klossy.com  https://i.imgur.com/5zsRpIS.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/2uYPQRC.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/WEXbDjH.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/LhPn978.jpg                         https://i.imgur.com/iXXzeSk.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/6x4uhDD.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/BLV53fh.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/LXMNr5f.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/4i59CYQ.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/NTue10U.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/bcRbaem.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/5bLBQjc.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/MvvVYSB.jpg   https://i.imgur.com/RI2pVfk.jpg  (The Producers Broderick Lane Thurman re:-boot) try reverse image search   https://apps.apple.com/us/app/microsoft-bing-search/id345323231
That’s sad man, she was the first to betray me
Sry, i meant to ask how old you where back then ?
I don't remember, probably around 14-15
Bruh, sure she wasn't crying because of something else ? No normal parent would worry about their son's relationship status at that young age
She was crying because of me, probably thinking about how she failed as a parent. She likes to do that a lot. Proclaims to me how she's a horrible parenting waiting for me to say "no you're not" but she is  She cried because I showed her, not before not after.  She isn't a normal parent she is a damaged narcissist that lives in her own fantasy world
I'm sorry for your shitty mother, i have similar experience with my family. It really fucks you up mentally
It really do be like that
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgykpm/i_dunno_if_im_doomed_to_be_fa_but_i_definitely/
So a bit about me, I'm a trans woman, late transitioner (started at 21, but had to get off hrt for a while and now I'm starting again at 27), and I'm still interested in women. I'm no longer blaming women for my lack of success in dating, but I feel that I've left myself with some hurdles that are proving difficult to overcome.  Basically when I was in high school, I would get picked on a lot for being socially awkward, most notably, getting told that someone wanted to date me and to ask them out, only to find out that that person's friends were playing a prank on them. That kinda messed me up, I feel that this kinda ingrained in me the notion that I'm not attractive, never will be attractive, and even if I ever manage to be, some inherent thing about me, be it my personality or some other factor will inevitably turn people off. I feel a lot of this stems from the fact that I have ADHD, which comes with executive dysfunction and impulse control issues that make socializing difficult to begin with, although I'm not sure what to do about it.  Add to this the fact that both trans women and lesbians are stereotyped as predatory and creepy, and you have a triple whammy of self-loathing and feelings of not really being allowed to pursue romance, because that's for other people, people who aren't freaks.  All this being said, I'm not sure how doomed I am, I think there's some possibility out there if I work on myself and try to not worry about dating and relationships so much, but like, I worry that being 27 with not too much dating experience means that it's potentially too late, and will only continue to get worse with time.
Sorry yoy didn't grow up with supportive friends. You're not that old though, you have plenty of time to date. Before you even consider looking for a mate, you should certainly take care to reduce the inadequate feelings you have or any relationship will likely be doomed from the start or toxic, causing you more low self esteem and jealousy. There are different types of therapy that could help work through those issues. It's not impossible to fix alone but it will be much more difficult and take longer to change those false ideas of yourself if at all without proper positive changes and hard work. Alot of people may not have had the exact experience, but they certainly have been embarrassed and let down by a crush back in school. High school is tough for everyone and nothing like the real world. Rejection is common, but more of it only makes you stronger and hopefully becomes a learning experience.    I dated a guy with adhd who was the opposite, very outgoing and over confident so not all people with adhd are the same or have social issues. He had trouble with impulses regarding failure and was very good at being manipulative. He eventually took everything good in my life and then destroyed my self esteem. It took several years to overcome that with a couple years going to therapy and a few more working to getting back what I lost. If I had been on a relationship before dealing it would of been filled with jealousy and lonely dating someone I was only with because I thought I didnt deserve better.  I don't know where you're from, but I've never really heard anyone call lesbians predatory. Neither for trans with exception to those that wait to be upfront with a date about themselves until last minute. As a female that grew up with a sexually open group of friends, I never even heard or seen that tho. I do think that stems more from people like 2 of my gay male friends back in high school, who dressed in drag and hooked up with  unsuspecting straight men. Those type of people give others in the plethora a bad wrap.   Its just difficult for everyone right now when it comes to dating. People are hesitant right now and that is for the best. Starting a platonic online relationship might be the best place to start for the time being. Making some good stable friendships can help you build a good support network and maybe it will help build self confidence and forget your qualms for a while. Considering online seems to be the only way to date anymore, you might meet someone. There are many groups on here or other platforms, but I feel the text chat is easier and less nerve wrecking than video chat groups. I don't know the groups by name, the only one  I know is lesbian gamers. It's a group for anyone that qualifies as women who love women, not just lesbians. It's also a good group to find ladies to game with if you are into gaming. Be patient and work hard to dispel the negative ideas, only good things will come.    BTW sorry about the lack of paragraphs reddit keeps reverting to 1 long one.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgfew7/anyone_else_doesnt_want_to_be_no_ones_back_up/
Someone recently told me I looked good which was great, but then they elaborated.   They told me I look like someone they would love date at this point in her life  since she was done with fuck boys and one night stands, and right there I just realized how much aversion I felt to being that kind of person.    I don't want to be someone people date after they are done having fun or living their best life, I don't want to be someone that people date so they can  pick up the pieces of their life for them   I don't know if this makes sense to anyone else?  The best quote I've heard to describe this feeling is "I don't want to be the salad you eat only because you know it's good for you, I want to be the donut you eat because you love it"
No one wants to be loved as by elimination process as "well,this is whats left"  No one wants to be someone second class partner
I’m nobody’s backup plan or life rescuer. I doubt I would even be considered as a last resort.
Nope. Not doing it.  Totally unfair to be the last choice after someone's done having their fun. Although, guess that's more than not being chosen at all.
> I don't want to be someone people date after they are done having fun or living their best life   Call me a cynic but I agree completely with you. This is a colossal red flag for me. If you don't want to have "fun" and "your best life" with me, what the hell am I left with? The answer is probably feeling miserable and posting about it on DeadBedrooms while I wait to be royally fucked over in a divorce court.   Being alone >>> Being alone, homeless and with a divorce suit
Yeaa no thanks. I might be fa, but I still have some self respect. Im not going to be a guys 2nd, 3rd or 4th choice.
This makes sense to me because I feel the same way, but with a slightly different take on it.    I could have been that guy at one point.  I might have been the sort of guy that picks up all the broken pieces and provides the happy, comfortable, and stable life someone else is looking for.  I might have been the nurturer who could partner in raising kids and making sure our home was a refuge filled with love and mutual support.  I could have loved unconditionally.  I had it in me.  I could have been all that and more.  I was the guy you married, but not the guy you dated.  But nobody ever dated me.  Life proved to me, empirically, that you can't skip the steps.  That guy starved and died of necessity.  He atrophied.  He became redundant.  It's too late now.       I've learned to look within for love and affirmation.  I've learned to fix shit myself.  I don't even bother to look to others for validation.  I've learned to be my own shoulder to cry on and the only person I can depend on when life turns sour.  I never learned to value trust.  I never found a benefit to genuine vulnerability.  I never found value in laying my heart on the line, since all that it's ever yielded was rejection and hurt.  I built walls and preemptive defenses.   I double them.  I made contingencies and backup plans for back up plans.  I learned coping mechanisms and found crutches I can fix and reuse ad nausium.  I've fabricated every form of emotional support surrogate in a vacuum of outside care.       I'm not emotionally available.   I've learned to manage my emotions without aid.   I'm not going to emote spontaneously and truthfully.  I'm not going to be reliable because I can depend on me and I don't need you, because I know I can't depend on you.  I look out for me because I'm the only one who will.  I don't think of others, because there ARE no others to think about.  I missed all the developmental mile markers.  The experiential mass is not there.  I'm an emotional steel drum and an empty one at that.     I won't try.  I don't invite people into my life.  I keep everyone at arms length; comfortable, professional, amicable.  I will not express interest and I resent interest, assuming I could even recognize it.  I'm at my best unencumbered by entangling relationships.  I don't lack self-esteem.  After 46 years of this, I know precisely what I am and what I am not.  I know with absolute certainty that I lack any capacity for a healthy relationship of any romantic or intimate persuasion.  I'm not mean.  I'm not evil.  And I'm not apathetic.  I care, but I know enough to not care too much.  That insufficiency will hurt people who try to care about me.         "I don't want to be the salad you eat only because you know it's good for you, I want to be the donut you eat because you love it"  Well, this donut has gone stale.
[deleted]
Yeah the hell with being convenient for someone.
Run. Run the fuck away as far as possible and never look back. Anyone who says such a thing is not worthy of your time.
I'm sorry, but what's with the salad hate?
Nobody wants to be "Plan B"  I had a girl tell me the same thing. If you like me choose me.   Don't tell me we should try again when we're older. I can never forgive you for choosing someone else over me, and thinking I'll just wait for you to fuck up a few more times before settling down.    I REFUSE to be your plan B
Anyone tired of being picked last at everything . I guess I was the only honest Abe in the bunch . No one tells you when someone likes you. Message to the kids rape and pillage when you are young being truly free doesn’t exist anymore. Basically fbgm and that’s coming from a loser who can’t
If someone tells me anything approaching that, they can go fuck themselves and I'll be the first to tell them in those exact terms.  From the way you described she told you this, she sounds like she's never been taken seriously in a relationship herself. Sucks for her, but maybe she needs to learn how to talk to someone before she can think of getting with you.  Best of luck in your romantic endeavors, pal!
I was someone's "option", whether she admitted it or not. I'm still processing that.
That's how you get cuckolded and divorced at 40. :\^)
i would rather die with my pride than take second place
Totally agree
That's just the way it is.  Some dudes have more attractive looks than behaviors in terms of long term relationships and vice versa.  A good blend should be enough for a committed relationship.  However if the looks are lacking one may either have to lower their own standards or play the waiting game for when a woman is more attracted to dependability and play that role.
Yeah, what you're saying is perfectly valid and yes it makes sense. Just like u/armentho put it, no one wants to be someone's second class partner, I couldn't have said it better myself.  I believe in you. I'm here for you if you need me, I can't speak for the others but I'm sure they care about you too. <3.  Peace and good fortune.
Man I'm already planning to spend my entire life alone . I believe one should be content enough to spend his / her life alone so I am gonna do just that . So it doesn't really even bother if I'm a backup plan or whatever , coz I'll never accept anyone or anything
Run.
It’s like being back in PE class in school, being picked last for every activity and knowing you’re the least desirable, a burden to whichever team you’re on. Nobody will ever want us. Maybe there’s a chance we find relationships, but they will never be happy with us, and neither will we.
[removed]
Ngl a girl seeing me as a "back up plan" would still boost my confidence. I'd rather be the salad than the trash.
There's a woman at work and I find her quite attractive especially her voice. Anyways, one day she told me that she had been trying to find someone to be with and that she'd be willing to settle with someone she wasn't attracted to at this point. She has five young children and only is able to work part time due to taking care of them. I gave up on the notion of love and relationships long ago or I'd been tempted to shoot my shot.
Doesn’t sound like you’re the backup plan. Some people just want different kind of relationships during their life.    Maybe she wasn’t ready before to really commit and it sounds like she is now.
Honestly, I wouldn't mind. At this point of my life, I would take anything. I wish I could be good enough to be a 'back up' or even considered boyfriend material, but no one could be as desperate or blind to want to ever date me.  What I want to say is being a back up is not that bad if the other person eventually loves you and you love them too.
I wish I was a backup plan, then at least I'd be someone's choice even if it wasn't their first choice  Instead, the reality is, I won't be chosen at all
This is such a simplistic way to see this. Salad vs. donut? Come on, not only is that a false dichotomy, but human behavior is so much more complex than that. The reason you don't want to be with her is because of your own insecurity. She's finally admitted to maturing and wanting to settle down and find love with someone who's actually going to be a strong companion that inspires and pushes her to be a better person. And all you're doing is making up this story that you're "picking up the pieces of their life" and that she's just settling for you. There's absolutely nothing in her narrative that suggests she's just a broken shell of a person, and it's entirely your own (mis)interpretation.
[removed]
Lol. Fuck zoned
i would and use the leavrege to its full extent
Another way to look at it is that after dealing with crappy people you learn the hard way to appreciate people that have the truly worthwhile qualities.  But I can understand the feeling of being seen as a consolation prize.   Weirdly, as a woman I was taught that you wanna be that after thought, the one men end up with after they’ve had their fun with the less worthwhile women. That if you don’t sleep around and focus on being pretty not sexy, smart and good natured, those guys will eventually grow up and be able to appreciate the truly important qualities in a partner.
I don't know, it could be true, that this person did meet fuck boys on purpose, but usually the term is used for guys being a disappointment because they don't want to commit.    Having met fuck boys isn't living the best life. It is having met too many guys who you have wasted time on, without the outcome you were aiming for.   I cannot judge without knowing the person, but just to give you some insight of how it could have been ment as well.
I'm well beyond the point that it would have bothered me. By now, I just don't want to spend time alone anymore, be it even a "fake" relationship or whatever the heck I'll give it a try. I have nothing to lose. If a girl is really so terrible that she'd have a bad influence on my already messed up life I'd just leave her.
Exactly
Even if I was their first choice  I don't want to be with someone that only wants me because they think I can fix their lives  I want someone that loves me for me, which I know it's hard to find
And yet,  everyone is.
In my more hopeful days I did even entertain the idea of the last resort fantasy.   Irl you are literally not even in the list of guys shes potentially considering considering.
You probably are to someone but that's not a desirable thing
I mean yeah that's my perspective now lol I hope I never get to the point I do it just so someone will know my name sugar daddy style
God I could not have put it better myself
I womder what deadbedrooms is
But this person did never say she had fun and her best life before? That 'fucking a lot is best life' is  pure projection. It feels super hollow for a lot of people and just leaves them feeling lonelier and less meaningfully connected. Most women can easily have sex and are not very interested in it.    A lot of people have a period of one night stands in their life and after experiencing it most quickly grow tired of it. It happens, but it's rare, so I for example  have never heard someone saying they explicitly searched for fuck boys. It's always derogative.
Great point that for some reason I have not really seen articulated, despite it's simplicity. Why don't people want to have fun and their best life with someone they settle down and pair bond with? Why is having a good time attached to and associated with superficial social relationships?
I mean let’s face it. Most people don’t get their first choice it doesn’t mean you can’t love & be attracted to a 2nd or 3rd choice. Dating is quite competitive now or maybe I’m wrong i can definitely be ok with being a girls 2nd or 3rd choice
I can only upvote you once. Man, I'm 32 and this is exactly how I feel, word for word. Damn.
Wow. I could have written this myself.
Yeah that's also valid  I never do that for the same reason, I only pursue women I really want to be with
Then, by that statement, they wouldn't want to be with a FA guy either. We cannot get anyone, let alone the girl we want, and as such, we're settling down with her because she'd be the only one we could get.
King
King
Just a metaphor, I love salad heh
I will not stand for salad slander
Yeah it's not a good feel  Oh so you knew I was in love with you all this time and it broke my hearth everytime I saw you with someone else and now that I finally moved on, you want me because you are finally ready to settle for me?
Thanks
There's lowering standards, and then there's allowing yourself to be treated like less than a human being out of desperation and loneliness.  Some people really mean the latter, and I've personally known women who articulated as such (though they might not have even realized what they were saying).
Yeah I know that's the way it works and it sucks  I guess worst case scenario I'll start dating younger women so I can feel like they don't love me for the stability I provide unlike older women
[removed]
[removed]
How much would it boost your confidence upon closer inspection? How much respect would she have for you if her initial thought is, “I’m doing him a favor by being with him.”
Not being trash is easy, and being a salad is also easy, just have a medium amount of money  Hell you can probably find a girl like that right now looking for a sugar daddy type arrangement
Yes
Yeah but why did she want fuck boys and one night stands before? Because she wanted fun and excitement  Then people like because we are the backup plan, otherwise we would have been included in that first part of their lives
Rarely does that happens those kinds of couples tend to secretly resent each other for the rest of their lives
That's not how it works. If they loved you they'd be with you from the start. That's just being used.
Nah
[removed]
Really?  You wouldn't mind if... let's say she is a single mother of 2 that only loves you because you can financially provide for her kids?
believe me,is fucking exhausting,because by the end of the day they dont really give a fuck about you,so you gotta put a ''facade'' for them,this lead to double the stress but still lonely  &#x200B;  is honestly better to simply invite a drink to a drunkard hobbo and talk midnight
[deleted]
Very bold of you to say you don't want someone to be with you only because they think you can fix their lives when 6 days ago you posted about lonely guys needing gf to fix their lives.
nah,there is a difference between ''we meet later in life after we both had failed relations'',that means that they got together because they were mostly equally attracted to each other  &#x200B;  what i dislike is the idea of ''pity relationships'',where one of the partners is significantly not as emotionally engaged,just being in a relation for the sake of not being alone is a insult to both of you and a waste of time
>DeadBedrooms   can't link to another sub :) but basically its exactly what it says on the tin. A dead bedroom is a relationship (or marriage) lacking in sexual or emotional intimacy, where one or both parties will feel completely miserable but won't quit because a number of reasons
To each their own. You're not wrong that dating has become extremely competitive these days. I just want a guy that is genuinely interested and attracted to me rather then going "meh, I guess she'll do"
the details of mine are a bit more complicated than that, but I haven't moved on.
[deleted]
[removed]
What? I make above average money for my age and trust me that finding a sugar daddy type arrangement is extremely expensive. In the US for example, $3k a month will get you that kind of arrangement:  > 6-8 dates per month. We usually have sex 4-6 days per month. A typical date may be: >  > - Dinner at 6 >  > - Go see a play or go to a comedy show at 7:30. Have a couple drinks there, >  > - Head back to my apartment around 10 and have sex. She usually leaves around midnight or 1am. >  > Occasionally, she'll stay the night too. Usually she'll come over to my place, I'll cook dinner, and we'll alternate between cuddling, watching movies, eating, and having sex until the next morning.   [Source.](https://np.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/8p5hmq/iama_24_year_old_guy_that_has_a_sugar_baby_i_give/e08ob1m/)  If you think that having $3k a month to spend on a sugar baby is "easy" then I don't know what to tell you.   As for finding a girl that would want to be with me even as a backup plan I also wish it was easy lmao but that's absolutely not the case
Your argument doesn’t make sense.   That someone doesn’t want a serious relationship at every moment of their life, doesn’t mean someone can change that opinion. A serious relationship is not less fun or exiting, it’s just different.
Just because her tastes changed doesn't mean she's settling. It means she's probably more self aware and more mature.  The fact that you only want to be the "fun and exciting" one means that you're not mature enough to be in a relationship like that. Which is your own issue to deal with.
that is an advantageos postion from my pov
[removed]
Yeah(? , those are not contradictory statements
I agree, we’re essentially saying the same thing I’m just adding that there will be people out there who are more attractive than you and me even when/if we get partners
Damn, I hope you do one day man  Nothing good comes from waiting on people
It can work   When I was in high school most of my classmates were dating 30-40yo men and they were ugly as sin, so I might have a chance in that department
[removed]
Yeah I don't know about the sugar daddy market, I was just throwing a suggestion
And what triggered that change of opinion?  If it was no reason at all then there is reason to believe that she might be very fickle and might change her opinion on a whim again. I seriously want to know.  Also why are she now considering an FA guy for something serious but didn't for her previous life-phase?
[removed]
When did I ever said that? 👀
But how? Being used sounds awful
[removed]
[removed]
How are they not? You don't want to "fix" someone, but you want a gf so she can fix you?
The bottom line is: if you are an unattractive male (which is the case for the vast majority of FA guys) finding a woman that will want to be with you (for both a relationship and regular sex) will require to either get extremely lucky or to have a **very good** financial situation. Neither of those things are "easy", far from it.
I feel like you’re overthinking it way too much. She likes you now. It doesn’t really matter what type of men she liked before. It looks like you’re looking for a reason to self sabotage yourself, because you can’t believe she is actually into you. To protect yourself from getting hurt perhaps.  Relationships grow slowly. You’ll find out if someone will fall in love with you along the way. You can’t predict it. But people don’t randomly “settle for less”. I’d rather be alone than with someone I’m not attracted to.
Because she figured out that "attractive guy" is actually a selfish and bad sex partner. So it's better to be with someone who's maybe less model-pretty but she can have good sex with.
[removed]
Well, you're saying that you wouldn't date someone just because she doesn't consider you the fun and exciting type.
who said i will be used i hold the cards
[removed]
[removed]
Oh I'd love to fix someone, I have a soft spot for deppresed and lonely people  But I won't work as a freelance mechanic for their lives, there is a difference between being in a relationship with someone and provide emotional support so both can be better people and someone that will date me just so I can fix their messy lives without any actual love for me
But also not what my post was about gfs are not the fix  My point was that if your source of anguish comes from a lack fo gf, then only a gf will aliviate the actual source of the anguish
[removed]
1. You can never give her the pleasure the fuck boys gave her. 2. You are more willing to support her, fuck boys don't give a f about her, they have already had their share.  3.She is a waste, definitely old, just like a bottom FA. Her chances of finding her "good man" are slim.  It's not because she loves you but because she is running short of options.
[removed]
Not at all what I said   In fact quite the opposite, I want someone that will have their fun and exiting life with me, not someone that already had it before me and now wants to settle down
You are being used, economícally
Yeah, until the divorce hits and then you are stuck with no partner and x2 alimony
[removed]
[removed]
And how do you know whether they are using you to "fix" you? How do they know you aren't using them to fix your problems?    "lonely guys need gfs to fix their problems :((("   "ugh, this girl is totally trying to settle for me uuuuugh"
[removed]
[removed]
I don't think I misunderstood. You are willing to be the "fun and exciting" one, whether or not she's attracted to you attributes or think you're a good long term partner. You'd rather have a series of one night stands so bad, that they all block your number in the morning, than be the guy that she dates after she's realized that one night stand sex is bad. You want to be the one that she has sex with when you're both drunk at the same party, because she'd never sleep with you when sober, than the one she chooses when she's sober and not under the influence.
[removed]
[removed]
Do you actually want a honest conversation? I ask So I know if I should keep replying or not
[removed]
[removed]
Nope, I want none of us to do that  I want us both to be fun and exciting with each other, live that crazy part of our lives together
[removed]
[removed]
Right, you'd rather be the one night stand than the relationship.  Look, people's tastes change. Children don't like alcohol or coffee, but a lot of adults love it. Children like toys and adults get genuinely excited about a high tech vacuum.  There are very few relationships that are formed when people are immature that survives the growth to maturity. It's much better to start the relationship when you are both mature, and know what you want. And sometimes, it takes a few "failed" experiences to know what you want.  I think you're sabotaging yourself by thinking a relationship must be a certain way/started at a certain time, or the woman is not genuinely interested in you.
[removed]
It's like you have the weirdest case of dislexia, you read what I say and decide it means an entirely different thing   I don't want someone that does or did one nigh stands, I don't do or did one night stands  I want someone that will think our relationship is more fun and exciting than any one night stand could ever be
Honestly I'm not sure why people keep down voting your comments. I  also agree that OP is too focused on the negative part of what she said. She said that she matured and is looking for a stable relationship which OP can provide. So he is a reliable person, doesn't look as bad as he assumes and he could date a woman he is interested in.  But I guess it is easier to say that women that look for a healthy relationship, after having "time of their lifes" and realizing that it was a waste , are trashy than reaching out for them. Not like they could have crazy times even in a mature relationship.  Edit: Wording
[removed]
[removed]
I'm telling you that:  1. It's normal for people to have had one night stands. Unless you're an adolescent or highly religious.  2. How can you know for sure whether something is better or worse unless you've tried it? That's like saying, "I know I like strawberries better than blueberries, even though I've never tried blueberries." A lot of relationships fail because one or both partners have never dated anyone else or had other experiences, and then wonder what's out there. (I'm not talking about cheating, but just general dissatisfaction with relationships.) People who know what's out there are much more likely to be able to make an informed choice about what kind of partner would make them happy.
If someone makes a mistake once or twice, then it's highly likely that if they change their opinion it's because they learned from their experiences and now know better. This isn't the case here.  We can't really know what she really meant. The fact how she worded it makes it seem like she was actively rejecting guys who would have commited and now changed her mind after several years. We can't know if she just is afraid of growing old alone and searches for someone to commit or if she really matured and now sees that an emotional connection is something worthwhile. Assuming one over the other is stupid (That doesn't go only for you, but for everyone here).  I also hate that "self-sabotage" bullshit. Somehow people are only arguing that OP is the one who sabotaged anything. That the woman made apparently immature decisions for years who lead to her being rejected by someone who is actually reliable, somehow isn't seen as such though.  I honestly don't think that anybody is in the wrong here, but that there are just two people who made their decisions, even if you can relate to one side more than the other.
Yes, having unrealistically and pointlessly "high" expectations is a type of self sabotage. At the end of the day, though, everybody else can see that they're the ones unwilling to engage in relationships, not that there is nobody interested in them.
[removed]
[removed]
You can know what's out there without having one night stands  You can have sex only in closed relationships  People having ons is not as common as you think most only have sex inside relationships
[removed]
https://www.bustle.com/articles/118289-70-percent-of-americans-have-had-a-one-night-stand-plus-9-other-facts-about-casual-sex  One night stands are more common than you seem to think. So is having had a lot of partners.
[removed]
[removed]
Did you read the sources? It was a poll done on adam and eve employers  Who knew employees of a sex magazine were overly sexual and open to one night stands 🤷🏿‍♂️
Depends on your definition of "a lot", but the median amount of sex partners by 40 is still 6. That's less than one every 3 years.  That still doesn't mean that the average person didn't have casual sex at one point (I mean a huge amount of guys even had sex with a sex worker at one point in their life, despite almost nobody wanting to admit that), but it really is not THAT common that somebody is getting laid all the time with someone new. Even having years of dry streak is a completely normal thing to have and I would argue that it is more normal than having regular casual sex.
It's a study sponsored by Adam and Eve. Not a study on their employees. Several articles I looked put the number between 65-75%.
I did not say most people have had *regular* casual sex. I've only said that most people have had casual sex. Maybe it's only once.  It's possible to have both experienced casual sex and dry spells. That is not a contradiction, to say most people have had casual sex and most people have had dry spells. (Though I don't know the stats on dry spells.)  My point being, after a certain age, only being willing to date someone who's never had casual sex is pointlessly limiting. Unless you're religious, I guess.
Sorry, I kinda misread your tone then.  > Though I don't know the stats on dry spells  The only think I know is that over 30% of adults hadn't had sex for a year, but that statistic is also a bit older I think. Sexlessness is on the rise (even within relationships surprisingly), so I honestly think there are no really reliable statistics around sex for nowadays.  > My point being, after a certain age, only being willing to date someone who's never had casual sex is pointlessly limiting.  I haven't read all of OPs comments, so I don't know what he thinks, but there is still a difference between "having tried casual sex" and "having had casual sex for years and just now looking for someone who is commiting when they are older".  I don't think I would really be able to emotionally compatible with the later, because I can't relate to that at all, but I think that most people fall into the former category. I don't chase "purity" or some bullshit, but my point is rather that it isn't really as black and white. I hope that viewpoint isn't pointlessly limiting.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgou5x/how_do_you_act_like_youve_been_there_before_when/
Specifically when talking to girls. I feel like I reek of inexperience, desperation, neediness, and loneliness because it's so rare for a girl to talk to me. I become super nervous about ruining the opportunity that and scaring them away. But I have no positive experience to lean on to help me feel comfortable. All I know is being ignored and abandoned.
It's hard but the biggest advice i can give you is ask questions and try to actively listen. Most people love talking about themselves.  If this fails try to bring up a common interest for small talk, just don't make it super lame like the weather or something.   Don't put the pussy on a pedestal. They are humans too and aren't unattainable. You must tell yourself this repeatedly to change your mindset slowly overtime.  If any of this is too hard to handle right now, try scaling it back some. Start with small goals, talk to that nice middle aged lady in the checkout lane, or if you have a dog just take him for walks around lots of people, dogs are a great icebreaker.  Also I'm just putting this out there, if the person you are interested in rejects you, or you simply don't vibe with that person once you do start talking, it's okay to give up. Because: dating should be FUN. You just gotta find those people that interest you, eventually someone will notice you aswell.
Wny would you want to do such a thing?  Any attempt to pretend you have experience or skill (in any situation - not just regarding sex or relationships) will nearly always be discovered.  Instead, just be who you are with whatever life experience you do have and be unapologetic about it.  There is nothing wrong with lack of experience, only with avoiding the opportunities to experience.
talk to them like you talk to your male friends, the ones you game with, just hang with, be relaxed, pay attention to them
F
For real. I cant even really enjoy faps anymore because I can no longer even imagine anything cause of no exoerience.  Its feels all mechanical now.
Alcohol
I'm capable of talking to people, I'm not capable of getting them to say anything back. I just get ghosted and ignored because I don't mean anything to them.
Being who I am hasn't lead to any success or positive experiences though.
I don't have male friends, never have.
If they ignore you, then they don't deserve your attention. I've been trying but it's not easy.
You have had some experiences, just not the ones you want (or perhaps not in the relationship department).  Neither have I if you narrow it down to only that area.  But the point is that you should be who you are and if lack of experience in relationships is who you are, be up front about that.  There is no reason to hide it.
Do you play games online? Use the same premise
The reason is that at almost 30 it looks like a serious red flag. Also the insecurities that come from not knowing what to do or say and not wanting to ruin something that I might not get a chance at for another 10 years.    It's pretty intimidating reading bios that say someone's been in relationships over 5 years, or they have kids, or all their pictures are with friends and family, and I'm still an awkward loner that's never dated before or has friends.
No.
> The reason is that at almost 30 it looks like a serious red flag.   Lots of things look ways that are not true or real.  Appearances are just that... appearances.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgj3fb/why_do_you_look_so_depressed/
I was working earlier and at my checkout a random customer (fat middle aged man) says 'if you didn't look so depressed maybe people would come to you' like wtf... 1. Am I supposed to be smiling while just waiting for people to come over?? And 2. Mind your own fucking business...  I work at a supermarket btw
They want you to look pleasant while you work minimum wage and slave for them
I like depressed cashiers.  They ring shit up without trying to make smalltalk.
This is the third most asked question for me. The first is why are you so quiet, and the second one is are you ill.
Cause I am.
I work at a grocery store as well.... People have said the same thing to me along the lines of "Are you falling asleep?" No, im just fucking standing thanks
That kinda thing doesn’t bother me, I look more mentally ill so a lot of people don’t ever ask me that
Shoulda said you felt just fine until she started complaining about you.
Right. And I wanted to tell him to shut the fuck up so bad but I know it would screw me over of course
I dont see any necessity to look pleasant in such a shitty job.
Do they not realise how insensitive that can sound like just let me do my job
How I been working minimum wage for 5 years and im still a cooler rat. This aint no future its just a shithole to "teach" you worklife. Get out now while you still have common sense :(
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgm0bj/all_i_am_to_anyone_is_an_errand_boy/
Only time someone ever contacts me is if they need something. Not to check on me. Just "Hey I need you to do this". Is there even a point to living beyond being an errand boy?
Ever think you should stop doing their errands? Put your foot down man, you're so much better then that.
I feel this, my family always asks me to do things for them but never ask how ive been. Its vry downgrading.
Same, if a notification pops up it's because something is wrong and someone things perhaps it's my fault.
[deleted]
Or degradin.
judgmental much?
[deleted]
If you go around stalking people on reddit, then at least also say why you think that "he lies and looks like an asshole".  Without context, you look like the asshole here.
I have been through the same as the OP, now I only care for my family as they are the only ones who look out for me, so I look out for them. All through my life I have experienced people who only want to know me in the hope that I will do favours for them, especially women, then they drop me as soon as they realise they can't treat me like a bank! Before anyone says otherwise, I am the sort of person who never asks anything of anyone and would happily message anyone just to check they're ok and not expect anything out of it
[deleted]
> Comment wasn't for you  Hmm... maybe you are right. If reddit only had a feature that allows to send someone a **message** in a **private** manner, so that you wouldn't be forced to post in a **comment section** that is **public**ly available... but sadly something like this doesn't exist otherwise a intelligent person like yourself would have of course used it.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgmznj/i_worry_that_being_trans_guarantees_dying_alone/
Hello all I hope you’re all okay. I’m struggling a lot emotionally recently as well as been having mental breakdowns over the fact that I’ll never ever receive love from someone because of the fact that I’m transgender.  I do see trans women with boyfriends sometimes so perhaps there’s something else about me that’s repulsive to men. Perhaps my fear of dying alone makes me seem anxious which can be off putting too.  Though my perception is biased, it feels like trans women are seen as the most undatable group of people by society. The only boyfriend I’ve ever had abused me because he was so ashamed to be with me. I never got to be loved even in a relationship, being in that relationship was just as lonely as I am now.  I haven’t slept in days because I’ve been so upset over how lonely I am and how long this will inevitably continue for.
Well in the pictures you posted you’re very cute, so I wouldn’t say you’re not good looking enough to find a partner. Although I understand it’s definitely harder for trans people to find partners, so your concern is valid. I think a lot of it depends on where you live. I’m not going to ask you where you live, but there’s not many trans friendly people where I’m from. I think most trans people get out of here first chance they get and I can’t blame them.   If you want any advice: maybe use more queer friendly dating apps (if you use them) to try to find bisexual men. It’s way harder to find straight guys who are into trans girls than bi guys who are into trans girls. If you don’t want any advice, then I’m sorry, just disregard this.
Hey there friend, it seems like you're in a lot of pain right now. I completely understand that as someone who's been there myself for a very long time. Loneliness is hard, so so hard. It makes you feel like you have no place in the world and have no inherent value or worth.  But I want you to know that that's not true. You're human, and as such have just as much worth and value as me or anyone else. Hang in there. I believe in you.
I’ve seen your photos and damn you look closer to a women than I do, you look gorgeous. Im sorry to hear what your going through right now; loneliness sucks, that’s why solitary confinement is used as a punishment in prison after all. I’m not sure how the UK is handling COVID but surly that can’t be helping you right now with meeting people.     I think it also comes down to religion and other people’s beliefs, as being transgender is still considered unconventional by a fair number of people. So you need to exclude those people and find a group that you can mingle in and be accepted, surrounded yourself with like minded people. Any LGBT focused apps or if you know of any LGBT meet ups that you could join. I say this knowing that it’s easier said than done but I wish you the best.
[deleted]
For all women and trans women it boils down to how attractive they are, at least at the most basic level. I saw your pictures and you look like barbie doll lol. So no issues there. What you feel,must be coming from within, which would have ultimately led you to be with a shitty bf.  Try to love and respect yourself,don't take shit from people even if it means being lonely for a little while. If you love and respect yourself it will ultimately be reciprocated in your next relationship.  Stay happy. 😘
It doesn't guarantee it but it definitely is going to make it more difficult. So I don't think it's anything specific about you. Being trans really does just narrow your options a lot. I hope it gets better for you.
I don't have advice for you. But I just wantes to tell you I can totally understand how you feel. Its not simple. I hope you find hapiness.
work first and foremost on circadian cycle and normalizing your sleep. And even adding extra rest to the sleep bank.  lifelong insomniac so took an eight week course on the web on the subject.  your next thing:: your bed is for sleep only.  adopt amish methods and begin dimming lights at say seven pm be in less intense light.  go dark mode or night mode on devices.  if you cannot fall asleep within 30-45 minutes get up and do a non screen thing like book reading.  Apple Watch has AutoSleep to help keep track and monitor sleep bank; i try to keep nine hours banked.  Apple also now has a sleep thing. you do wear watch to bed / helps to have two / fitbit may have similar.
Ok as lovely. As you are you won’t be alone for long. I have a trans girlfriend and live her very.  Much we don’t flaunt her sexual orientation she to everyone family and friend. Is a women. And that’s it.  So you will find someone.
I’d love to be your boyfriend and treat you like a queen
[removed]
I live in England, and I don’t mind if a partner is straight, gay or bi I just want someone kind
You know exactly how I feel which makes me feel understood but the only solution I can think of to the pain is to find someone. But I’ve struggled so much partly because of my trust issues and low self esteem, but mainly because of being trans. I worry that the only solution to my pain is now inaccessible and it’s all my fault.
I don’t think love stories like that will ever happen to me
[deleted]
That won’t give me a boyfriend
What the fuck is wrong with you
I'm very glad I could make you feel understood. And it's not your fault either! Nobody chooses to have trust issues, low self esteem, or anything like that.  But that doesn't mean it'll last forever or that it's not something you can overcome. What you're feeling right now, as painful as it is, is not the end all be all. I hope you believe me.
I would have never believed in it either, than it suddenly happened. What I'm trying to say is, one shouldn't overthink all this stuff. There is no recipe for love. It just happens. But ofcourse it won't just knock on your door one day. Maybe you could try going out every now and then, meeting new people. One just shouldn't try to hard. Being desperate isn't exactly an attractive trait either. I know it's a horrible position to be in. I never had a relationship before I met my husband at 21. And it was so random. We just met on the bus one day. Putting yourself out there, going to places where you can meet new people increases your chances a lot.
[deleted]
best self first; see Journey into Power Baptiste yoga
It’s difficult to believe you fully as the burden is on others to be able to love me and neither of us can have faith in hypothetical people now can we. I’m at risk of dying alone without ever being loved and I don’t know if convincing myself that this can’t happen is healthy. My trust issues are my fault because I made bad decisions in terms of a partner because I had an abusive one, I should have been more careful. The abuse was also almost entirely caused by me so it’s entirely possible that any partner I have will be unable to love me just like he was unable to
You have your experiences...I have mine. Guess what...all my friends that pass have partners. All the others don’t. My wife stayed...she didn’t pick me. We’re poly now...nobody wants this fucked up body.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgfevr/i_wish_having_a_partner_love_and_not_being/
Like really, it makes me feel even worse.  For me love and even the thought of it, is nothing but pain, I have never experienced any positive things or feelings with it.  Even sad love songs are always just about "We had this, we fell in love there and then we lost it blah blah" when I not even been to that point nor ever will  It makes me think just more whats wrong with me, when apparently it's common for something like that to happen to nearly everyone except to me.   Why? :(
Same, I have that feeling when I hear/read about ex partners  I literally can’t imagine having one partner in life, let alone meet another one.   I just imagine that if somebody would be interested in me enough I would just cling onto them, not saying a word because of fear to lose them
Notice how there are zero songs about being a virgin who can’t find anyone  Name me one or even 5 songs about it
this is why i listen to history songs
Morrissey makes songs about nit having anyone ever
There's no cultural outlet to represent us. As much as I love music, it does have a tendency to romanticise everything.
Try heavy metal..? I’m a metalhead. Works for me
Listen to different music. I used to listen to sad boy music over and over like Elliot Smith and guess what? It's like picking a scab for years.
I mean, its normalized in everything because its normal. I get what you're saying but the qord normalized usually implies something negative that is made mundane through overuse and exposure.
It's why I prefer foreign music (KPOP in particular), since even if the song is revolved around love, I wouldn't understand it anyway, even with the music video.  Here's one I feel the need to listen/watch multiple times per day, completely unrelated to anything triggering while also making me laugh a bit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QslJYDX3o8s  EDIT: Also [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GywDFkY3z-c) one. Her voice is so beautiful, and I really love the video.
https://youtu.be/KdHXmE7QioE  There ya go.
Yup.  The Smiths entire catalogue is made for foreveralone types tbh
[Never Had No One Ever](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYjedww3fNo)
Just avoid glam metal and I’d say even metalcore. Death metal, power metal, black metal, thrash metal, and for the most part, groove metal all work
Well thanks, lmao
What’s your reasoning?
What do you mean?
I was just curious why you said stay away from glam metal or metalcore, but I spoke before thinking about it. You’re right!
There are exceptions for metalcore though. Shadows Fall and Trivium, for example, don’t write about love while bands like bullet for my valentine do.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgd5os/feeling_down_today_because_ive_never_received_a/
I’m trying to figure out what’s wrong with me.   I previously thought that my personality was to blame. But very recently...I remembered that there are people in society who are able to make up for their lack of personality with looks. It was disheartening for me to finally reach the conclusion today that I’m not physically attractive.   I’ve done various tests on Photofeeler over the last year. And I’m consistently in the 4.5-6 range out of 10. Not a death sentence...but it’s proven to me that I’m not working with much either.  In real life, I’m a very attentive listener. I do this to make up for my shortcomings. My big one being that I’m not all that interesting.  Something that has plagued me in my life is aspergers. This condition has never helped me in a social situation. Ever. More often than not, aspergers makes me wish that I was never born.   I’m at an age (23) where I just don’t want to continue to fight through the difficult parts of life without someone by my side. I have a very bleak view of this world. And it just sucks to feel so hopeless and alone.   I think I would cry tears of happiness if there was someone in my personal life who finally “got me.” I might have a warped view of love because it’s something I’ve only ever seen, not experienced. But I just want to get butterflies talking to my person, whomever that may be. Love is the only thing that I want in the world.   It just may not be attainable.
30-year old Aspie here. I think a lot of us are just fucked when it comes to romance.  I wish I had something to counter the lack of romance. But I got nothing. No skills, no interests, nothing.
I got hit on by a sloppy drunk girl once. IMO it made it worse because it made me feel a taste of what it was life if it were attainable but I knew if she sobered up she wouldn't talk to me.
Few things that may or may not help you get closer to a conclusion, and some possible solutions:  Emotional attraction leads to physical attraction. If you really think you are unattractive there is still a chance. + others may still find you attractive.  If you believe that you are not interesting enough, reflect on this; what occupies your freetime? do you have a job? how was the good parts of your childhood (leaving out trauma)? You have a past, and a story. That itself can make you interesting.  If you feel as if your disability/disorder is dragging you down DBT is really helpful for people with aspergers or cluster B disorders. They help you develop skills you've "missed out on", sort of. They help with understanding those around you better and also understanding yourself.  There is nothing wrong with you from what you've written, but maybe there is something wrong with other people's perception of you. You are not your disability/disorder, and although you already know that, a lot of people don't.  There is a way for you to find someone. I'm not trying to invalidate you experience in any way, and I'm sorry if it comes off that way.  My "advice" sucks a bit, and I'm sorry for that. I don't even know if you want advice, but if you do I hope it helped gather some thoughts.
I'm 33 and have had no obvious interest from women either. It's a pretty lonely existence.
I hope that u find someone soon! Good luck:)
God, there are so many people in this sub just like me but older. I’m 16 and already know that I’ll be forever alone (autism+ugly). This sub is not good for me.
I would wager than being on the spectrum harpoons your chances more than having a fucked up mug because you could still get shredded and go orc mode
I got 2 years from you and have realized I’ll die alone and won’t have any partner that loves me.  Do you have any siblings? Personally I’ve been working hard on building my relationship with my brother. I think siblings are a constant that will be there in your life after your parents are gone, to support you through life.  Maybe it’s not what you’re looking for but it’s something that’s helped for me.
don't worry people. you could be in the hospital with a sick relative (or yourself), helping them and the other patient in the room.  so live FA like it aint nothing!
It's over. God dammit, it was over before it even began. Stupid autism, personality disorders, and skin disorders.
I had a two second kiss with a girl in a nightclub before. But it was after 1 am, and she looked like she was more hammered than me.  That’s my only experience.
It was very thoughtful of you to write that, thanks.   Nothing really occupies my free time. I spend a lot of it scrolling Reddit and watching YouTube. I have a job. But it’s a temporary job, and I find myself floating aimlessly in my career.  I’ve had a few people recommend DBT lately. Very interesting!
What a soulless npc comment. Coming from the fairer gender is no surprise.
You still got some time, you may have a chance. MAY. Come back in a few years if nothing happens.
Wait until you're 21 before panicking.
I have a brother. But I’d probably have a close to non-existent relationship with him if we didn’t live in the same house.   We’ll officially go sideways once he’s married and I’m looked at as the loser brother-in-law...
Well at least yours touched you.  I can't go to bars or nightclubs because I came from two long lines of people predisposed to alcohol addiction and an abusive father so being around a lot of booze makes me uncomfortable.
Based
Sorry what?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kglqb3/do_i_really_want_somebody_to_care_about_me/
I hate to admit that I guess I....don’t mind being in my lonely state, even though I’m an extrovert. Not interacting with people means you don’t have to expose your lack of experience or friends. You can’t get hurt by people if you don’t have people.   I say I want friends and I want to date...then why don’t I? I say I’m too ugly. That’s nonsense. I am ugly, but plenty of ugly people have friends and date. I let friendships die by not replying to texts. Why do I constantly sabotage myself?  I’m just worried about being this way for the rest of my life. It’s boring.   Every day that I don’t change makes it less likely that I will ever change. I never thought I’d be 21 without having ever kissed a guy. I want to change, but I don’t know how to make myself change.   I’m thinking of trying out a life coach, even though that will be awkward and uncomfortable for me. I’m scared of being in the same position next year.
Go for it friend, That takes guts to want to improvjje yourself. You got this and I'm sure you will at least feel a little happiness knowing you can let your concerns out to a stanger.
If you have money for a life coach, you must be doing something right enough that you don't need one. Those are complete leeches.
Id give you a kiss so you can get it over with. But I live on another continent. Lol.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgma2p/early_30s_single_for_7_years_now_no_one_wants_me/
I forced myself to go on dating apps last year. I tried forcing myself to get something out of it. I only got some pretty shitty guys, and that’s not their fault alone, it’s what I was looking for.  I’m in my early 30s. It’s really hard to meet anyone this way (no school or work) not like I think I’d meet anyone otherwise. Sometimes I post nude photos of myself for a shot of attention but I know how fleeting it all is and now shitty I feel after but I always feel shitty anyway. Might as well have a distraction.  Everyone knows that a girl who is actually desireable isn’t single in her early 30s. And here I am with not one person even remotely interested in me. Soon I’ll be 40 and all alone. The years just tick.  Plus I don’t have much going on in my life period. I’m just not sure what the point is.
Seven years? You're a mere rookie. I'm 33 and have been single for 33 years.
Welcome to the club. Adopt a cat.
Me the usual questions:  * So why are you single?  * Why don't you have any kids?  Because I'm undesirable by everyone I have ever met and kissed...
It’s hard, life really is what you make of it. Very hard to find time between work and maintaining aspects of life and just being tired. With covid it’s much much worse. Feel like I can’t possibly make a connection online, and I doubt it’s socially acceptable to speak up a conversation in a gym, coffee shop or grocery store line anyway. Trying to improve aspects of my life but still find I’m very stuck in my head, now allowing relationships to happen, even if there aren’t any options really right now. Been single for almost a decade, fear reaching “wizard” status where I become weird. If I made a match online I wouldn’t know what to say at all. So familiar with being alone I can’t imagine sharing space and time with someone else. I’m already realizing I get more dopamine from video games than any social thing. Try to not feel pressured, you literally have to pick a life path, being alone or lost kinda gives you the most options.
It’s weird, once you hit your 30’s it seems like it’s exponentially more difficult to meet someone. It seems like if people want to settle down, they do it in their mid to late 20’s.  So here’s my advice: it seems like the kind of guys who want to settle down and are in their 30’s aren’t active on dating sites. When stuff opens back up, you should try gyms and coffee shops. Also, try asking people you know if they can set you up. It seems like that’s the most popular way for 30+ to meet people.
you will not be alone, your other half is very close by, you just need to recognize them for who they are. Yes those apps suck,, they have given society a false of what a relationship is supposed to be, and a false sense of companionship. standards, if you call them that, are so high neither men nor woman are able to live up to them. The apps are only hook up sites, nothing more, so what they look for is not whats real.
It’s not a competition  Lol stop logging into your other account to downvote me
Grow some plants.
Everyone my age is starting to settle down whilst I am only just trying to get started at 25.  Most people I know my age slept around between 16-21, found an SO at 22 and are now in 3+ years long relationships.
These feels fortune-Telly, much as I appreciate the sentimate i just don’t believe that
Haha excuse me? I think you're suffering from a case of paranoia.
DM’d you instead of cluttering your post
Often I am yeah  But also Just because, you’re paranoid don’t mean they’re not after you.
I haven't actually downvoted you, but if I did, I'd do it from this account as it's the only reddit account I have.
Lol what not even an nsfw acct?
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kg6yj3/its_kinda_funny/
When I was 11 I thought "I'll have friends when I'm a teen", then all those lonely teenage years went fucking flying and all of the sudden I'm 20 and I'm lonelier than I've ever been before! And at this point it looks like it's gonna be like that forever
Same. I coped thru my growing years thinking I’d glow up as I got older. It never came 😭
I felt the same way about my college years. I thought I was going to go to crazy parties and stuff but I ended up never talking to even one person. Lol.
I’ll be your friend
Ever been in a crowded room and feel like everyone knew you but you didn’t know them
I didn’t really have expectations, just thought things would be better. And they kinda are
I don’t know what is real anymore I feel like my dreams make more sense than this point being fuck isolation
You could make friends online, travel to where they are, make new experiences, meet even more people that way, etc. there’s no absolutes here, you don’t need to be lonely forever <3
I’ll be your friend too!
Yeah, me too. It was sort of an escapism I had, daydreaming about how better my life would be in the future. I think it's because that's what most people tell us, that it's temporary, that it won't always be this way... so I dreamed it wouldn't. But time passed by, and many things have changed. I learned how to talk better, to be more open, I started doing therapy and taking medication (I have bipolar disorder)... but my social life never really changed. I have one or two friends, but Im really lonely in college and in life in general.      I even noticed that for many months I would spend the whole day without talking to anyone besides my family or the bus driverers (I always say good morning/good afternoon to them).      So yeah... I don't dream things will change anymore. I just accepted it. I just try to befriend everyone else that seems like an outcast or a misfit when I have the chance. It helps a lot... my best friend is in the same situation as me. We have each other and our boyfriends, that's it.
27
I’m 30. There is no escape. Especially if you’re useless.
Let's be friendsss
21 here and I totally relate to this feeling
Take action now. Or else its goong to be 30 soon.
It's still time to escape. The key is to find like-minded people, you probably won't find friends in "normal" situations. Get out of your comfort zone, before it is too late.
If there’s ever a time to go balls deep it’s now. Deciding 20 years from now that now’s the time will make it a lot more difficult for you.
Pretty much exactly my situation every day. Everyone knows I'm the outcast and just tries to ignore my existence. Really makes me think what is the point of me even being here.
Friendships made at your age can become bros for life. At my age, new friends are friendships of convenience.
Yeah that’s me and I didn’t figure out until 23 that no one is honest anymore
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgcyn4/its_funny_how_wrong_i_was/
I thought that my friends I made in high school would’ve been my friends for life, I thought we were tight as tight could be. If I would’ve had my eyes open, I would’ve known that they never liked me enough to actually want to be my friends, I just followed them around like a puppy. I’m going on 20 next year and I haven’t had an actual friend since high school ended 1.5 years ago. I tried posting on other places, and some people send me a message and then never respond again afterwards. I think I might be lonely forever, nobody talks to me, nobody checks in on me, I just feel so lost without friends.
Wait you guys made friends in highschool?  In all seriousness sorry you're going through that
This happened to me around that age too. It doesn't help being unable to find employment.
I’ve found it difficult to make friends outside of school as well. I would recommend taking some college classes or, if you can afford it, enrolling in college and living on campus.  THOSE are the friends who will be with you for your whole life - in fact my sisters-in-law were both girls I was randomly assigned to live with in college.
It could be worse. The guys I was "friends" with in high school were never really friends, just acquaintances that got me cheap weed. Other than that that they were never supportive. It took me years to figure that out.
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kgg94d/ive_come_to_realise_that_having_barely_any/
I’ve never had a relationship and for many reasons, sometimes I feel like I don’t want to either. But I am jealous of the majority of people who do want this and do get this. I probably won’t ever have a relationship either which is something I’m currently trying to come to terms with.   This isn’t a sob story because I do have some positives in my life - I enjoy my job and I have plans to become a single mother by choice in a few years time hopefully (please no judgement on this)   I have one close friend, a couple of acquaintances and that’s it. But recently I’ve come to realise this is a blessing, this is because I’m a really jealous person whenever I see people getting engaged or married or starting a family with the person they love. And this is just from people I don’t know. So I can’t imagine how difficult it would be if I had more friends and this was happening for them whilst I’m forever alone, so at least there’s a positive to barely having any friends, I don’t have to be invited to birthday parties or weddings or baby showers and pretend to be happy for the person.  tbh I don’t really know why I’ve posted this, I just wanted somewhere to get these thoughts out.  Thanks to anyone who reads this!
I know how you feel. If you ever want anyone to talk to I am a woman in the same boat.
Thanks for sharing. Its good that you find joy in other areas and have aspirations in life. Recently I’ve been thinking about the feeling of envy that i get sometimes with regards to this and i feel like family/societal pressure to get married or be in a relationship played a role in it as well as untamed lust, there are a lot of benefits to being single like you said, i never really aspired to have kids. I also realized that i dont inherently NEED a gf or lady in my life and I’ve been programmed to yearn for it through media and stuff, its a process but all im trying to say is that I understand the envy to an extent because of my ego and stuff and im trying to work on it.
Thanks so much! You can always message me too if you ever want to talk :)
Thanks for sharing your story too.  I completely understand- it’s good that you’re trying to work on the feelings of envy. I am too, I never used to be such a bitter/jealous person so I wish I could somehow go back to that. I think social media, especially Instagram, has made it all so much worse- just full of people showing off every aspect of their life on there.   You’re right, you don’t need a partner in life - plenty of people manage to live happy lives single so try and hold onto that. I think planning for a future where I will continue to be single is definitely slowly helping me - you never know of course, one day you might find a partner, but maybe try and think of what you can achieve in life in the future if you continue to be single and work towards that, wish you the best of luck!
I appreciate the advice 🙏🏽
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kg4c5i/the_contradictive_views_of_normal_people_on_sex/
People on reddit say men only want gf because society pressure. but those reddit people they still get into relationships anyway, even though they do not care about relationships. most couples hate each other anyway they say, then why are you in a relationship all the time?  I don't understand, why do normal people have such a contradictive view on relationships and sex?
This may come off as a newsflash but most normal people don't use reddit. Which means, those comments speak for themselves and their experiences. You should treat it as such, end of story.
I don't think it's contradictory to say  that all this societal pressure on men to get girlfriends means men are not in touch with what they actually want, and then have a girlfriend - the point is that people should be free to find partners or not find partners, at whatever pace they want, at whatever intensity they want, without society pushing them to crank up the relationship escalator as fast as possible  and people can absolutely say that most couples hate each other but still be in a relationship. sometimes they really are the exception. sometimes they're not in touch with their own feelings and so are just convinced they're the exception. sometimes they know they're not the exception, but most people are bad at most things and we try them again anyway in case something is different this time, that's part of being human.
Normies contradict all the time.
It exists within this very sub. That’s why I hate Reddit in general. Everyone is always telling you how you *should* feel, but nobody is ever listening. Fuck every one of them.
I don’t think most couples hate each other. Tbh I think that’s just something people say to cope
[removed]
Most couples don't hate each other. When my Dad's friend says to me "Kid, never get married", he is joking.
The foreveralone problem is a modern one. In all the past society wasn't build for singles. Basically almost everyone had to marry sooner or later or would get forced by parents etc. and the love thing is also a modern thing. In the past it was more like a societal contract you live together and have children, there wasn't much love idealization like today.
The bad thing is using argument of social pressure on being in relationship for suggesting or even implying that you should be ok with not being in relationship  Gtfo, no one asked
Maybe thats why the divorce rate is 50%, that means 50/50 chance of your relationship actually work. Thats insane
Ever heard the phrase "glass half full / glass half empty" WRT optimism vs pessimism ?  If you spend enough time with someone they'll be both very rewarding and very annoying from time to time.  Hopefully you can stay with and encourage the net positive and get away from or fix the net negative.  Aside from S.O. issues, this way of looking at the world applies to jobs, coworkers, weather, pets, food, family members.
Its just cookie cutter lies to help you feel better about being stuck with your hand
Yep. Its not contradicting for two different people to think on different ways. "Why are normal people so contradicting on their political views? People on reddit say they hate Trump but my family voted for him"
THIS!!
Yep.
Lol no
I feel like it’s worth pointing out that that stat was from the 80’s, and divorce rates are actually falling pretty quickly. Current stats show millennials are more likely to stay together than boomers were, probably because they’re in relationships longer before tying the knot. Also need to note that that’s for _all_ marriages—it’s inflated by people repeatedly tying the knot then divorcing and repeat. _First_ marriage divorce rates have always been lower than 50%.
Generalizing rarely ends well, I understand that OP is venting but I hope they can find a more effective way.
Why are you getting downvotes?
Because I responded to a comment filled with hate. Regardless of what I said I would have been down voted by the angry few that agree with it. At least until it gets removed. Thats why I didn't waste much effort to actually discuss the topic. These types of comments are usually ignored by most of the population here and have the bitter ones propping their bad ideas up. Its easier to have an enemy than to blame random chance.
[removed]
I appreciate people like you
He's right in so far as nobody 'deserves' relationships
[removed]
I appreciate you too :)
Thats not what he said though. He said "they" being normies, believe that specifically ugly people don't deserve relationships. He would have said what you said if thats what he meant. His wording was very clear of an intent of malice on normies part believing "ugly men" (and he specified men) to be beneath value. Its incel wording that let's them move the goal posts to side step actual discussion but to instill the idea that they're a hated populace for being ugly specifically. He used the words he used for a reason. Whether or not he thought that far into it.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kg7y59/its_not_easy_being_so_abnormally_hideous_that/
Spent years trying to find a girlfriend or just a girl friend. Furthest I ever got was a few minute conversation before I got blocked.  Unusual for me because I always get blocked after just saying hello.  How am I gonna be positive or have a positive mindset when absolutely about me is negative and people go out of their way to let me know that.  I don't even know why am I acting suprized anymore, It's so obvious that I am a worthless piece of shit.   It sucks that somewhere deep down in my deranged brain I still think that it might get better, despite knowing well and being so obvious that it was shit, it still is shit and that it will only ever get worse
Just a thought. Almost every time someone says that, they're vastly underestimating themselves. Most people that say that are normal. Its possible you're not. But its far more likely that you're being over-critical of yourself. Take that as you will.
And what did you say that they are immediately blocked you?  after your post, I got the impression that you're probably not as bad as you think you are
I don't think anyone a actually feels like vomiting when they see you.
Tell that to the hundreds of girls that blocked me online after saying hi
Yeah, I say Hi, they block me or ghost me pretty much instantly. All they really know at that point is my name and my picture
Honestly buddy. Guys don’t really have good luck with online dating. Even normal looking to good looking guys will spend years and have 0 success.
That doesn't tell you you're ugly. It does tell you that they weren't interested in you for whatever reason. My response from here depends on the specific app so I'll hit the general thoughts. 1. If the app involves matching then they had to match you first 2. Even if they all blocked you based on looks that doesn't mean you're unattractive. Standards on apps are generally much higher than in reality. 3. Your message matters too. Could be because of the way you said hi. If you only said hi it might just be because its low effort greeting and they get enough to just get rid of them on their messages. There are a lot of possibilities.
[deleted]
i don't know... maybe you must just do a new photo?
Idk I think after a certain point you start to see a pattern
Like really really ugly.
There are a couple important things about that thought. But the most important one in relation to this discussion is whether or not there is a pattern doesn't tell you the cause of the pattern. It doesn't give you enough information to predict the future either but thats a different conversation. This conversation is whether or not it tells you that you're ugly. It doesn't. Even if we assume that there is a pattern of attempt and rejection or failure, that there are repeated failures doesn't indicate the cause of those failures unless you make a bunch of sweeping assumptions
[deleted]
No, just really ugly
What would you say makes you ugly?
My physical appearance
Yeah no shit, I’m asking what physical traits in particular
General looks, ugly looking
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kg5eqp/everyone_used_to_always_laughing_at_me/
And the laughing wouldn't stop even when i tried to sleep i kept hearing it again in my head. it really stabbed my chest
your singing my song
Why do you think they are laughing
That's a piercing pain that's not easy to shake. I'm sorry, stay strong.
Just ignore those fools and focus on some strong goals , if u have an emotional reaction to everything people say , youll never move ahead
I thought this was going to be a Mitch Hedberg joke, like... "Everyone used to always laugh at me. They still do, but they used to too."
I hate to say that you're correct.
i agree with you but keep in mind its very hard to move on when everyone points fingers at u and laughs. this type of shit that blows your confidence and self esteem, and its really hard to get back up when they still do that
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kg293z/i_wonder_what_its_like_to_be_wanted/
I want it so badly. I know how strong my feelings get on someone I have a crush on. I fantasize about someone having those feelings towards me, wanting to be around me and to spend time with me. Someone who looks at my body like it’s beautiful.   I doubt anything like that will ever happen, but I think about every day.
The idea of someone actually calling someone up to just hang out because they enjoy their company is such an mind boggling occurrence to me.
I'll sum it up . It's fun while it lasts and then when they leave you ( which they eventually will ) you wish you never met them at all
Turning 30 I think I should give up. Honestly feeling dumb for ever wanting this.
I understand this. The feeling of being desired emotionally has always been a hole in my life
Those people will come around. sometimes they are so close.  so close you can smell their cologne/perfume, deodorant, or the shampoo. something will set them out from the crowd.  They may be very shy or insecure or maybe scared to confront you dont give up!
>  They may be very shy or insecure or maybe scared to confront you dont give up!  But these same "shy" people seem to do fine hanging around with others and ghosting my text messages.
Ive been through this myself, been ghosted by everyone Ive had interest in, one word text reply's noncommittal, what I did to fix it, I focused on myself, I got a better career. Stopped caring what anyone thinks, or what they do or dont do. became a better person for me. as soon as I started this those people came out of the wood work, they came to me,
[${URL}] https://www.reddit.com/r/ForeverAlone/comments/kfq1ra/forgive_yourself/
Forgive yourself for not quite getting it, in moments of happiness for not being the appropriate levels of happy for saying you too to the waitress when she says enjoy your meal, for being awkward and unapproachable. Forgive yourself for not being that person you feel the need to be.   Embrace yourself for being the person you are now, don't laugh at what isn't funny or be overtly welcoming to those you don't give two shits about. Embrace the part of you that hates pictures, the part of you that's weird an uncommon, that part of you that makes you, you.   Go be that weird motherfucker, I Wana see that weird motherfucker, I don't wana meet who you should be I Wana meet you motherfucker.
Having non normal intrests has excluded me having common intrests with any one and Being weird has kept me alone.   Being myself is not attractive, if you lie, if will get exposed. There is no winning. Only pain. Only further isolation, the only help possible being people telling me to get over it.
I understand you brother . I already accepted myself but no sometimes ıt hurts so much.
Its so hard
😪 I grew up with teachers always wanting me to look them in the eye and demanding that I smile when I was on the spectrum and "selectively mute" 👍🏽 With a little more backbone I accept that I am uncomfortable looking them in the eyes and only speak when I wish to, and do not smile on command.  I am not your puppet, a--holes 🤓
Good post and a valid point well made.
What's so bad about saying you too to the waitress anyway?    Waitress: Enjoy your meal!   Me: You too! I mean when you'll have **your** next meal I beforehand wish that you'd enjoy it.   It's ok to answer "you too" to "have a nice day", right? Next meal is even sooner than whole day hopefully. >!Hope your next food intake goes well, fellow human.!<
Because of that weird motherfucker, nobody likes me and I’m forever alone.
👏🏽 👏🏽 i like this, it made me think about how much i like my personality. 🙏🏽
Thank you 😢
Won't be liked by the opposite sex either way so what does it matter :(
Not happening.
The first part though... Forgiving yourself is so fucking hard. There's all these screw ups and embarrassing memories that my brain uses against me every single day. Literally tried everything in terms of mind tricks, but still, all the mistakes stick to me perpetually. "_Mistakes are a part of living_", someone will say. Well, it seems I've found it easier altogether to just stop living.
Glad I mastered the art of not giving a shit what others think
I really needed this.
>Go be that weird motherfucker, I Wana see that weird motherfucker, I don't wana meet who you should be I Wana meet you motherfucker.  I would but everything is closed or covid-woke where I live. Platimotivationals like this don't help.
Happy birthday!  "Y-you too"  😳
[deleted]
Thank you and that describes me and recently been just trying be myself.
you said it all
What are your non normal interests?
I'm pretty sure you are not the only one with that kind of interest, whatever it is.
Every person will doubt you, you will doubt yourself. If you can't believe you're of value why should I.
You don't want it to be easy, you want it to be worth it. I think it's well worth it. You deserve more.
If no one likes you, that's all the more reason to do whatever you want. I mean they already dont like you.
If they don't like you either way, you might as well be yourself.
Why
I can't think of any successes but the mistakes are overwhelming.
Take care of you
You don't have to leave your home to be yourself, its starts with little things like faking emotions of overt happiness of trying to impress this of that person. It's letting go of ideas of who you should be and embracing who you are.
It's not finna over night, this is something that needs work. Hard work. It's gonna suck. Just remember you're fighting for you.
Dungeons and Dragons and Other Table top RPGs, Video Games, Game Development, basically a bunch of stuff. Since I couldn't due much with my life, I spent a lot of time on the internet, watching let's plays and reading SCP articles. By the time I found someone who knew what I was talking about, I was pretty mentally gone by that point. I learned to just shut up, I would rarely if not never find anyone who would know about my nerd shit.   It's not like it matter now. It's too late for me. I've had too many bad years that my souls has been shattered to glass powder and all I can do is hurt people with my toxicity.
Sadly I doubt I can find a woman who has conversations with stuffed animals and buys accessories for them.
No, I’d rather want it to be easy.
Yeah, but nobody is happy about that. You have to conform to be accepted. Or be yourself and be hated. Neither outcome is desirable.
Personally don't believe I deserve to be forgiven.  Or it could be that I don't feel like it will change much. I'll be back in the dumps, sooner or later.
Exactly... It doesn't feel worth it to put yourself out there anymore...
You can't fake emotions when you have nothing to look forward to
What about you man, what about you liking you. These peoples opinions don't follow you home. In those quiet times of the night it's you versus you. So fuck them, it's time for you. No wonder you hate yourself, whens the last time you actually took care of yourself.
If you don't allow yourself the chance to fail you don't allow yourself the chance to grow. You suck at this, but that's okay. You'll do better next time.
I hate myself. That’s the problem. We don’t exist in a vacuum, we need validation from time to time. All of us here just want *someone.*
...and other hilarious jokes you can tell yourself.
Best of luck man, take good care of yourself.
