Mark Lindell wanted to have Donald Trump declare martial law in key battleground states he lost to 'redo' the election.
>“Just got off the phone — not five minutes ago. Kohl’s, all these different places. ... These guys don’t understand,” he went on. “They’re scared. Like a Bed Bath & Beyond, they’re scared. They were good partners. In fact, I told them, ‘You guys come back anytime you want.’”  "You'll see! You'll come crawling back! You'll never find anyone as good as me!"
It's so fucking wild that this guy became an advisor to the president. Like holy shit, it you said that 10 yrs ago people would laugh you out the room
I've unintentionally been boycotting Kohl's for about 15 years
Isn't he the one that was discussing martial law with Trump? And isn't he also using the Q cult bullshit as a marketing tactic?  Fuck him
My wife used to work customer service at one of those stores. She said the “My Pillow” was the single most returned item from customers.
I still can't unsee Charlie Kelly's creeper uncle with the small hands. Probably [why he gets along so well with Trump](https://youtu.be/4cd8NTzXC6Y).
Calling for a military coup tends to have negative consequences in a free market economy
Remember when conservatives fumed that liberals where boycotting Goya beans?
>“Just got off the phone — not five minutes ago. Kohl’s, all these different places. ... These guys don’t understand,” he went on. “They’re scared. Like a Bed Bath & Beyond, they’re scared..."  Yes, yes they do understand. People discussing blaming China and Iran for a legitimate outcome to an election as an excuse to invoke martial law scares me too.
He's also about to get sued by Dominion.  "Thanks for voting, here's your complimentary pillow."
I'm ok with people boycotting the stores over this.    This means I can now go shopping in these stores with people who know how to wear a mask
I am always amazed by the fact that it took him 2 years to develop a bag of chopped up foam.
I mean they are shitty pillows anyways so no one is missing out
Ooh, time for a bed bath and beyond shopping spree, I have 20% off coupons from 8 years ago they still take
Don’t shit where you eat.   Especially when your face is on all your products. Shoulda just kept your mouth shut and run business as usual.
I still find it funny the same group bitching about stuff like this are the same that scream free-market-capitalism; and that a company shouldn't be forced to do something they don't want to (EG: the baker situation); but now that it's effecting them they cry like a bunch of wet-diaper babies.
Coke head who called for martial law to annoint a giant turd dictator completely torches his brand's value in the process. More at 11
Let's say it one more time: "Words have consequences."  (and lies, even moreso)
Isn't this guy a raging crackhead that had to have an intervention from his DRUG DEALERS?
"You can't boycott me, I'm boycotting you!"
I work in the housing/social services field. I was very concerned when Ben Carson became the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development when Trump offered him the position. I mean, I had to qualify for my position. I had to have 4 years or more of experience, education in the field and good references to apply.... Not to mention the two interviews before being hired. Ben Carson experience is in neurosurgery and pediatric... What would we he know about housing laws, families dependant on affordable housing or housing programs that assist families in need... NONE. I was probably more qualified than him... Hell a real estate agent or a property manager would probably have more experience....   Trump just hand out positions to his friends or supporters to run this country. These positions are vital to American families and dictate lives. HUD operates with fiscal funding in billions ($44 billion in 2019).   Trump gave out positions based on loyalty not qualifications.
Finally terrorist get their own official pillow!
Before the cAnCEl cUlTurE comments... people have always been told to "vote with their dollars", so this is what they are doing. Same way people stop buying something because the product stopped being good, they have the right not to buy a stupid pillow if everytime they see it they think of an embarrasing president and the weird pillow guy. He made that part of the product, so his mistake if people aren't buying after that.
Wasn't this guy under investigation for sketchy business practices in like 20 plus states and then recommended to the current idiot in chief  ( who acts like a childish impulsive dimwit) to declare martial law ?
Dear the Right... that is literally cancel culture. The thing you claim is a plague upon modern society.
Why the fuck is this guy involved in politics and how did he end up in this position? What the fuck.
The CEO of MyPillow advised the host of The Apprentice to declare Martial Law.  Crazy
>Trump’s supporters on social media platforms are now calling for boycotts of the retailers  Ooooooh so **now** “canceling” something is o.k.  (fuck I hate these hypocritical assholes)
If any of you do request Amazon stop carrying their products through customer service, please be kind to the representative. They don’t have any say in this.
But I was already boycotting MyPillow.
People vote at the cash register also... I won't spend a penny on a product that ia against my values.
That's kind of wild, considering MyPillow was sued by the National Sleep Foundation for claiming the foundation approved of his product. [It's even worse than I thought](https://www.truthinadvertising.org/mypillow/)  >UPDATE 11/1/16: In October 2016, MyPillow agreed to stop marketing its pillow as able to treat or cure a variety of diseases and as the “official pillow” of the National Sleep Foundation as part of an agreement with California consumer protection officials aided by TINA.org’s findings. The company will also pay more than $1 million in penalties.  I know they tried to jazz it up, but the pillow looks pretty shit, even in the commercial. Why do they think that they are such a big fucking deal, because they're made in the USA? Really scummy sounding company by their own dirt easily found with a little research.
All of these capitalists sure don't get how the free market works huh?
The invisible hand of the free market just bitch slapped this guy.
What a goofy bastard. It makes complete sense that he’s buddies with the Don. Both these fucks are speed addicts.
If you enjoy that pillow just buy a cheap memory foam one, cut it up into 2 inch pieces, shove it in a pillow case and sew it up. Its basically the same damn thing.
Good, he's a racist snake oil salesman
Excellent! The sooner this idiot is out of the public spotlight the better off everyone will be.
Trump loves the conspiracy minded nut jobs. Now the pillow man wants a final ass kiss session...wtf.
If you want to have any idea how big of a lunatic this guy is, read his book. He's literally a former crackhead, but still seems just as erratic as he was when he was on drugs.
Who could have known that calling for martial law to overrule the votes of 80 million Americans is bad for business?
> Lindell has come under fire for spreading of conspiracy theories. Last year, for example, he promoted a [fake cure ](https://www.axios.com/trump-covid-oleandrin-9896f570-6cd8-4919-af3a-65ebad113d41.html)for Covid. More recently, he has said there was widespread voter fraud during the 2020 election.   I will never not talk about his fake cure for covid anytime these types of articles come up. This guy bought into a company that was producing oleander derivatives and touting it as the cure for covid. He got a private meeting with Trump where he tried to push the snake oil as the cure so that he could line his own pockets with cash.  Fuck Mike Lindell.
Wait. So they stop selling crap sedition pillows. *And* MAGA degenerates will stop showing up?  Is there a downside?
Free speech doesn't mean free of consequences.
Sorry bro MAGA Karens can't live without Kohl's cash.
Agreed. Boycott mypillow
"It's my freedom as a businessman to support whatever political figure I choose!"  "Fine, then it's our freedom to not carry your products in our stores."  "WHAT!? WHO GAVE YOU THAT RIGHT!? BOYCOTT THESE ASSHOLES!!!"  It would be funnier if it weren't so pitifully sad.
the right claims to hate cancel culture, but is calling for boycotts of stores that don't carry MeinPillow
Turns out that most people don't want to buy a shitty pillow from a guy who spends most of his time hibernating inside Trump's asshole. Color me shocked.
It would be awesome if his company collapsed, but there are millions of people who will gladly sleep on a toxic, trashy pillow to stick it to the libs.
Welcome to the free market, dipshit!
No gay cakes, no nazi pillows. get over it.
Fucking cancel culture. Just because you try to convince the president to declare martial law to overthrow an election people stop wanting to carry your products. Corporate elites ammiright?             /s
There ain't no chance that demo is gonna stop shopping at Kohl's. THINK ABOUT WHAT WOULD HAPPEN TO THEIR KOHL'S CASH‽
He should push the president to declare martial law over this
Boohoohoo. Support fascism in the USA and they ban your products. Imagine that. I'll be sure to buy something from these stores soon.
Want to be a mega millionaire in America? Claim God told you to sell some shit or that God chose you to do XYZ and the masses of easily brainwashed people will literally hand you money.   I am not an atheist, it’s just so easy to see religion used as a tool by the wicked
A guy tries to push an unhinged president to declare martial law, and suddenly companies don't want to be associated with him? I blame cancel culture. /s
This country has gone nuts. A guy can’t even attempt to organize a violent overthrow of the government without people calling for a boycott.
I have no doubt Trump is planning to build a pillow fort after he leaves the white house, and he will say to himself "I'm still president in here!!"
Well well well well.  If it isn’t the consequences of your own actions.  Maybe if you weren’t caught trying to suggest that the president uses martial law to steal an election that he lost you wouldn’t be in this situation?
He used to work at Bed Bath & Beyond in the Beyond department
This guy is a kook. Like, even before this he’s been caught for shady business tactics while giving himself the air of American Christian values. I hear the pillows are decent but the man just comes off as a snake oil salesman.
I will go to Bed, Bath and Beyond tomorrow, on inauguration day, and buy a non my pillow pillow. Fuck Trump and the train wreck he ride in on.
I agree.  Let’s boycott the foaming at the mouth pillow
MyPillow is going to be exclusively sold at Marshall's for 60% off by the end of the week, at this rate.
We are already boycotting My Pillow. Oh, he means them not him? Dumb as a box of rocks just like his pillows.
I hear My Pillow cases come with eye holes.
This dude also gave Kyle rittenhouse a bunch of money for his lawyer fees
Love how all these conservatives claim to be all about the free market. “The market will sort itself out!” , “get rid of regulations”, “just let businesses make their own decisions!”  Then the second the market turns against them they start singing a completely different tune.
Always remember, this is the same man who had a crack cocaine problem so bad that his dealers staged an intervention.
In other news, actions have consequences. Details at 11
I'll join the boycott.  Tell me which places are still selling MyPillow and I will boycott those stores.
Could be that you supported a treasonist baby...  *could also be that your pillows fucking SUCK.*
boycott mypillow? no problem
Lindell was a cocaine and crack addict up until 2009 when he was miraculously cured by prayer.  Not even making that shit up.  What's the over/under before a relapse?  I'm not wishing that to happen, but he seems unhinged enough that it's likely.
His political preferences are stupid, but his pillows are FUCKING TRASH. Cheaply made and it falls apart quickly, so no wonder those stores stopped carrying his stuff...probably got tired of dealing with refunds.
this is literally capitalism that the right loves, consumer controls the markets. If Kohls and BBB think consumers will not shop because of bad press selling this product they have every right. Again the whole idea of having an open market is that the consumers will regulate it.
We want a free market to make decisions.     \*FREE MARKET MAKES DECISION\*  NO NOT LIKE THAT!!!!111
Jeez, cant even help plan a coup and martial law  without getting cancelled these days. What a world.
And what is the problem with this?  The world watched the US president attempt a coup that cost 5 lives and damaged the Capitol.  As usual, the president claims he did nothing wrong inciting it, and the House disagrees and impeaches him a second time.  Mr. My Pillow shows up at the White House presumably to help the disgraced president find ways to fulfill his desire to overthrow the election and become a despot.  There would be two very good reasons why any company would stop selling his pillows.  #1  Projection of loss of demand.  #2  Do not want the store brand associated with a fanatical enemy of democracy.  Lindell brought this on himself.  He built his brand on his caricature, and slightly "off" commercials.  I commented to my wife the other night that I needed to replace my old pillow, and immediately stated, "and definitely NOT with a My Pillow".  I have never had a My Pillow, but I suspect that they are decent quality.  My reason for stating I didn't want one was a half hearted joke, but now that I associate My Pillow with Trump and his insurrection, I just want Trump to go away, and I don't want to see a reminder of him every night when I go to bed.
Free market economy, suck it up buttercup.
So out of My pillow, Kohls and bed bath and beyond, which one goes belly up first in 2021?
"The invisible hand of the free market, vote with your wallet..."  "WAIT NOT LIKE THAT"
TRUMP CULTISTS: Liberals have taken cancel culture waaaaaay too far! They cancel anything that doesn't agree with them 100%!   PRIVATE BUSINESSES: Hey, no one is buying MyPillow products for some odd reason. We can't buy products that don't move, so we're not ordering any more of them. We'll still sell what we have until we run out.   TRUMP CULTISTS: Cancel every fucking store that won't sell MyPillow shit! CANCEL CANCEL CANCEL!!!  Too bad cultists don't give a shit about things like hypocrisy, facts, or intelligence.
Businesses don’t want to be associated with a treasonous white supremacist. Who knew
Boo fucking hoo. Billionaires bitching is the real Problem. Wake the fuck up
Good. I saw this crap at Kohl's the other day when returning an Amazon package and started questioning if I should ever return.
Conservatives: "Fuck cancel culture."   :something negative happens to them as the result of their own actions:   Conservatives: "BOYCOTT!"
So there was an insurrection where the President of the United States removed security from the capitol, so an angry mob, that he whipped up, could take it over and kill Congress, and, sure, while he is unlikely to face any consequences for this, at least Kohl's stopped selling pillows. Yay America.
MyPillow sucks anyway. Got two for me and my gf and we both hated them.
Bed, Bath, AND Beyond all agreed to this?!
Maybe if they actually worked as advertised he wouldn’t be in this situation. Bought 2. Migraine city.
Good job I will be shopping at those stores for now on and not shopping at any stores that sell this dopes horrible pillows.
Oh no, the consequences of my free speech!
Freedom of speech and the consequences of that freedom. It’s a beautiful thing
Awwwww, boooo hooooo. You spread conspiracies, fake covid cures, help with the insurection and now people who are rational don't want to buy your product? That's just a shame. Maybe you shouldn't be a complete douche canoe and reckless conspiracy theorist if you want to remain a successful CEO. Dude needs to fuck off and quit crying about shit he could have prevented but didn't because being a facist boot licker is up his alley. Was probably hoping to be a high ranking minister when the genocide started.
President: "What shall we do during these contentious times? To whom shall I turn for valuable advice?"  Secret Service: "Sir, the MyPillow guy is here."  President: "We're saved!"
How dumb is this guy. His face is literally on the box for his pillows and he's in all of the commercials. Recognition is part of his brand and he ruined that. I mean think of any public business leader that backed Trump. Do you know what they look and sound like?
#I'm not convinced this man actually stopped doing drugs
So, let me get this straight:   A company stops selling his product.  He finds this unacceptable.  So his response is to tell his customers to stop buying their products.  Which he finds acceptable.
I am now more inclined to shop at Bed Bath & Beyond and Kohl’s
Pillows.  The fucking guy SELLS PILLOWS.  ***PILLOWS***  And he's ADVISING THE FUCKING PRESIDENT
The pleasure I get from hearing this fucktard just torpedoed his own business by associating with that corrupt POS is second only to the immense pleasure I get when I see his shitsack face on TV and immediately change the channel. But not before flipping him off.
Bed Bath & Beyond and Kohl’s: “Let’s boycott MyPillow because their CEO is inciting a violent coup and suggesting the president impose martial law to prevent the results of a free and fair election being carried out.”  MAGA: “Let’s boycott these stores for boycotting a pillow company!”
A gutter capitalist selling a $60 bag of urethane foam.
Kinda sad they took this long to stop selling his shit after everything he had said/done publicly in the last few years.
This guy has all the negative characteristics to be the Trumplican party nomination for president in 2024.  He would do Donnie proud.
In what world could this man become an advisor to the president? Hurts my head to think how crazy the Trump administration is that has warped all expectations. Blows my mind that there are more than 70 million people who thought four more years of this would be a good thing.
Yes. I will boycott My Pillow. Done!
"But isn't 'boycott' just another word for 'cancel'?"  "Dwight, you ignorant slut."
To the people who complain about athletes talking about politics and wanting them to "shut up and dribble", well, this guy should have shut up and fluffed.
Republicans hate the free market when it goes against them, they hate freedom when it goes against them, they hate democracy when it goes against them.  Republicans, and their enablers, only use the pillars of our society to bolster their own power, they despise when those pillars don’t directly benefit them.
I went to a concert held at the Vikings stadium, and it was sponsored by him.  They had a “MyPillow” pillow fight where people just trashed these pillows.  I did not partake because I was a broke college student and I wanted a free pillow.  Ended up grabbing 4 from the unused seats.  Anyways the whole thing felt mega-sketch.   I was like “this is definitely money laundering” lol
Free market's a bitch, ain't it?
Ah the free market doing free market things
It is easier for multiple stores to stop selling the product of one company than it is for a facebook group to successfully boycott a store for refusing to sell a name brand pillow.
Oh, boo hoo. Did retailers dislike treasonous acts and now you have to deal with the consequences?
Incoming GoFundMe in 3... 2... 1...
Well, looks like it's back to crack Mike
I'm headed to both places today. Anyone need anything?
Typical conservative. Can’t respect a private business decision and proceeds to wish the company be boycotted or go out of business
WTF, with a "Q" as promo code, you are getting a 100% discount on a few products oO Mypillow.com is a fucking terrorists supporting place!  https://i.imgur.com/5GxdDPz.jpg
And the hypocrite conspicuously wears a crucifix on tv while he shamelessly hawks his shoddy junk. This is the caliber of Trump’s “best quality people “ campaign promises.
Yeah, if you want to destroy our country, I don't think I'm going along with that.  Reap what you sow, buddy.
I've been boycotting Kohl's since like 2012 because Macy's is objectively a better store
Oh no, you want to make fascism real in a capitalist democracy and you sell a product in that capitalist system and then you get sad when no one wants to sell your fascist pillows anymore.  Boo fucking hoo.
Gosh I wonder why the CEO of -insert fortune 500 consumer focused company here-  doesn't attend campaign rallies?
See you in the middle class soon dickhead
Don't be surprised when you are going to the president to overthrow a fair election and become a dictator that people are going to hate you.  I don't even care to remember you fucking name, MyPillow CEO.
Why does this person have a voice
bb&b: \*stops selling mypillow\*  trump supports: fuck bb&b. lets boycott them and stop buying mypillow there  &#x200B;  gg
I love how these stupid dumb fucks dont actually understand how capitalism works. You act like a treasonous dick and poison your brand,the consumers vote with their wallets,and the retailers do whats best for their business. You fucking lost. Good day sir!
The way I see it, this is what happens when you associate your self with a nut job for a president.
Isn't Bed Bath and Beyond going bankrupt? What is the boycott gonna do?
In his commercial on TV, everyone he has in the commercial is white like cocaine.
All retailers need to stop selling his shit
Funny how those Trumpians are calling for boycots. Just after calling Twitter's ban censorship and claiming cancel culture on almost every criticism of others for years. Irony is a concept they clearly don't get.
This guy is a fucking nut job. 😂
Best believe it's a MyPillow, aka MeinPillow
Boycott MyPillow. Got it.
https://corporate.walmart.com/contact-us  Walmart still sells this garbage.
The pillow salesman is gonna start hitting the rock again.
Man. I like the pillows we bought, but I dislike this dude more and more every year.
It's almost like if you're a traitor to your country people don't want to buy your stupid fucking pillows.  Imagine that.
He needs to be arrested. You shouldn't get too "attempt" sedition, and "attempt" to install your favorite president as dictator and get to walk away unscathed. He's literally trying to destroy our country as we know it.
This kinda stuff makes me feel all smug and happy inside. Like choose to be an idiot and people want nothing to do with you anymore. Then they act like victims because they’re so delusional.
I always thought it was interesting that fox pushed a product that already had a class action lawsuit against it.
I bought 2 of these pillows from Kohls a few years ago. We had Kohls Cash, and needed pillows, so why not....anyway, the pillows are shit....
Lol okay. As a former Kohl's employee, I can safely say (at least in my store) nobody buys them there. We ended up putting our last couple on clearance before they went, and they sat for months.
Actions have consequences.   Surely he knew there would be anger when he made his politics public. Wonder if this is grounds for shareholders to sue him.
At some point, the nation of conservatives needs to come to terms with the fact that major retailers and companies sympathize with liberal beliefs and agendas because it's their largest consumer base.
“It’s not Bed Bath and way the fuck out there”
So when private businesses restrict commerce for horrible, bigoted, highly uninformed, selfish reasons it's ok, but when those same raw capitalism traits are turned against them, it's shocked pikachus everywhere.
I was gifted a MyPillow. It's not good at all lol.
I'm going to BBB and Kohl's, anybody want anything?
He starting to sell his pillows on offerup
900 other manufacturers already make shredded memory foam pillows. He's not special anymore.
Well well well, if it isn't the consequences of my own actions!
In the year 2021, being a human piece of shit will have consequences again.
Get fucked, martial law fuckface! No one needs your crackhead pillows. Couldn't even respect that Marine and wear a mask. Entitled douche.
Fuck this guy and his products .
Frankly its shocking that the poor quality of the pillows didn't get them banned from stores first.  Seriously, their pillows are awful.
So like 3 years ago when the MyPillow was really hot I somehow got two king size for free.  My wife hates it and always has but for me it’s one of the best pillows I’ve ever used.    It drives me fucking bananas that I rest my head on something made by this shithead.
Isn't it fascinating to watch people and companies act with their wallets and principles to say, "We don't want to do business with you because you're a fucking asshole and you're a horrible person".  That's isn't "cancel culture", that's just people making decisions based on actions that oppose theirs. Free to do, totally legal and not a 1A issue.  Suck it #mypillow guy
So my husband and I were regifted these pillows for Christmas many years ago, and let me tell you they're AWFUL. (This was long before the pillows had any...political affiliation, so I went in blind, with no preconceived notions to influence my opinion of them.) They're so incredibly uncomfortable and feel like they're stuffed with wadded up paper. The neck pain the next morning was unreal. No wonder I was at least their third recipient after my aunt hated them and then gave them to my parents who also hated them. So, A+ to Bed Bath & Beyond and Kohl's simply on principle, but REGARDLESS of where you stand politically these are simply the worst pillows in existence and shouldn't be sold anywhere, for any reason.
thoughts and prayers, jackass 😆
My Pillow has been an alert from [Better Business Bureau](https://www.bbb.org/us/mn/chaska/profile/pillows/my-pillow-inc-0704-96152336/complaints) for as long as I can remember.
It's not cancel culture, it's consequences from actions
Sounds like that my pillow guy is back on that shit.
Is it just me or does Mike Lindell look like "Walmart Hitler"
I never paid for his My Pillow products. I always shoplift them from Bed Bath and Beyond. You really think I’m paying $60 for pillows?
Where are the republicans that should be coming out to tell this guy to shut up and make pillows?  Starting to think that was just a racist thing that they said to Kaepernick.
Hysterical that people will boycott this moron and retweet it on their slave manufactured iphones.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! Dear Mr. Biden, I know you didn’t really win the election but now that you are the President can you tell Bed Bath & Beyond and Kohl’s they have to still sell my pillows even though I was trying to help overthrow an American election? With warm regards Mike Lindell advisor to President Trump 😢.           My heart just bleeds for him🩸 🤣
This is what happens when you try to cancel the votes of 81 Million Americans.
Bro, Bed Bath & Beyond is going out of business anyway 😂😂
It's 1992. Mike is smoking crack and watching Home Alone 2. Imagine telling him that one day he'll be advising the president and it'll be the guy on screen.
If people don't buy products, big box stores don't stock them. That's how it works. Alternatively, MyPillow needs to open its own stores or sell online. This is capitalism after all, not socialism.
Never forget that a ton of these big corps were huge Trump supporters until the last second.
Imagine all the people that Trump has put down for being stupid or not smart etc then look at who he has to give him counsel. The fucking my pillow guy 🤦🏽‍♂️
So bed bath and beyond will be free of the alt right?  Sounds amazing!
You have my thoughts and prayers...
Ahhhhhhh.....the sweet justice of the free market
Politics makes strange bedfellows.
I got a my pillow as a gift. It sucks and does not give me the best night sleep in the whole wide world. It ends up a tiny wadded ball under my head until I throw it in the floor and go back to my old pillow.  Then there is the time I spend thinking about how this assholes life is probably great because he just flat out fucking lies about his pillows and that's something I couldnt do.  I'm noticing that all of the wealthy people i know or know about seem to have gotten wealthy either by way of their parents or by fucking everyone over or both.  Anyway, the pillow sucks and doesnt do what it is supposed to do.
Did he not think this through? Support a coup attempt, and expect his business to be untouched? He’s done. Every company selling his goods will drop him like a hot potato.
I'm already boycotting MyPillow.  To enhance my boycott, I will be sure to shop at BB&B and Kohl's as well.
He has managed to be a terrible guy who also makes a terrible product. My Pillow is hands down the worst pillow I have ever used, and I’ve use a Kevlar helmet to sleep on.
I’d say he’s back on the coke wagon, but these statements are too delusional.
He made his bed now he's upset he has to sleep in it.
I hate him and his shit pillow. Purple pillows are more comfortable anyway.
What an absolute embarrassing chapter in this countries history, it’s like far cry came to life
So like, is a MyPillow fascist memorabilia?
Shocking, people don't want to support someone that tried to overthrow an election.
Oh by all means, boycott Kohls and Bed Bath & Beyond, Trumpsters, I'm pretty sure that they will appreciate the reduced amount of entitled Karens and anti-maskers going inside their stores
I asked the checkout lady at Kohl’s yesterday (I was doing an Amazon return) if she was aware that the MyPillow guy was suggesting that Trump try martial law. She didn’t seem to understand what I was saying.......
Sucks for you when your racism affects your business, huh Pillow Boy????
So when a pillow salesman can walk into the Oval Office and suggest that the president should declare martial law, that’s ok by conservatives? I don’t get it. Maybe if mr pillow had a few more credentials? Like mattresses and comforters too.
Before I knew his politics I bought two of these pillows and they are awesome.  I would never buy them again but I really do like the pillows.
So is boycotting Kohls and Bed Bath and Beyond cancel culture or not?  I can never tell.
Without these two locations, where will white women shop?!
I can’t believe I live in a world where a guy who sells pillows had a consultation with a sitting president in what would be one his final meetings.
Imagine becoming a US Marine, getting assigned to the White House...and you have to hold the door for a fucking pillow salesman.
Well, when the sale code is “qanon”, it assumes a very target market...
What a wild world. Mrpillow gets to advise our president. I think the bar has gotten so low and most of us are just used to it
Boycott MyPillow? I agree.
Mike Lindell is another Trump wannabe criminal scam artist. Boycotting MyPillow is easy and the right going to do if this asshole wants to take down America.
It's a shitty pillow fwiw
Of course, because magas boycotting Nike totally ran them into the ground right?
Well well well. If it isn't the consequences of my own actions.
How about they stopped selling it cause it was a shitty product? My MIL wanted one a few Christmases ago because it was advertised so heavily on the conservative programs she watched/listened to. And she HATED it.   I never could understand the appeal. It was like $40 bucks and felt like one of the $5 pillows they sell at Target during College day sales.
It’s a pretty garbage pillow though
I think this is one time I am not going to support my local business.  (I’m talking about MeinPillow, not the retailers)
Anybody that takes any kind of advice from this clown should have their ass kicked. My Pillow pillows are fucking trash.
Whaaaatt? Conservatives participate in cancel culture??!? Who would have thought, why not let the free market decide /s
Too little, too late imo.     All of these people jumping off the "trump train" are trying so hard to save face that it's kind of embarrassing. Where were these notions 3/4/5 years ago?
Bed bath and beyond and Kohl’s will do just fine without his pillows and without the Trumpies who decide to boycott
Good. Guy always sounded like a nut-job on his commercials, and now I can definitely confirm: NUT JOB.
My Pillow is the worst piece of garbage I've ever spent my money on.
Oh if it isn’t the consequences of your actions
Let the free market decide!  No no not that free market! Not that decision!
Bummer, now where am I going to buy a ground foam shitty ass pillow for 8x what it's worth?
so bizarre to think that Trump was planning a coup with some bozo that sells pillows for a living. I hope that makes it into the history books. LMAO
It’s almost like you plot to overthrow the government and there will be negative consequences.
Whelp, I could use some new towels and Bed, Bath and Beyond are around the corner.
I WAS TOLD THERE WOULDN'T BE CONSEQUENCES FOR MY ACTIONS!! - MyPillow CEO.
Oooooooooh, I get it. He's a fucking moron.
Can't wait to go to bed bath and beyond and Kohl's.
I don't sell his pillow either. Boycott me.
So sad. People voting with their dollars. That’s one of the only powers we have as a consumer. Where we spend our money. If you or your company are assholes you get none of mine.
I hope he took a towel or something from the White House bathroom because he’s not ever getting even remotely near there again.
Why not just storm the stores and declare them subsidiaries of MyPillow? That would be the patriotic thing to do.
the enemy of MyPillow is MyFriend
As a millennial, I find both stores to be too expensive for the products they have, but you bet your ass I’ll support them out of spite.
I love how people spent the last 12 years since obama was elected saying he was going to enact martial and sharia law, and then trump loses and those same people are asking for martial law?
Who the fuck is this guy to be advising the president to begin with? The fucking MyPillow guy walking into the White House with his Starbucks while a Marine opens the door for him? Fuck outta here dude, you’re out of your element.
I'm so sick of these right-wingers and their cancel culture. The free market has decided.
why does anyone give a fuck about what pillow guy has to say? wht the fuck is a mypillow
Welcome to hell world where fucking Kohl’s has more decency than the President of the United States
Maybe the reason people stopped buying his pillows is because they found out every pillow contains a microchip which contains a heat activated radio which subliminally indoctrinates you while you sleep.
“Oh no. I engaged in potential treason and it backed fired”  Free market is a double edged sword, you doofus. That’s why most corporations try to stay as apolitical as possible so they don’t draw ire from any camp, but you decided to put your anti-democratic views before money. You reap what you sow, you inconsequential treasonous douchebag.
Let 'em boycott. Then I can shop at Kohl's without having to navigate a sea of ignorant MAGAts and Qcumbers.
The guy is an asshole but he did help alot when the pandemic first started, he rerouted 75% of his factory to making mask for all the Frontline workers when we had PPE shortages.
I’m just waiting for Walmart to drop him, so I can maniacally laugh for 2 straight hours.
ROFL.   Conservatives are always boycotting something or some place. It usually results in a net gain for the patties targeted.  It’s interesting that a fair number of those are places they won’t/can’t afford to go to, and things they already wouldn’t/couldn’t afford to buy (at least not on the regular)    They clutch so hard that if we replaced their pearls with coal we would get diamonds
I've Boycotted Kohl's long ago, for sending fraudulent reports against my credit score. Fuck them and I hope you fuck'em too!
What's funny to me is that Republicans always run around saying "Let the free market decide!" and when people talk about more regulations they say stuff like "If you don't like someone/something, don't buy it or buy from them!".  Then people start to do this (BBB, Kohls, etc. with the my pillow guy for example) and it's cancel culture.  Truly incredible.    Secondly, i will never understand why businesses would feel compelled to show some sort of political affiliation.  In the past year, a few times, i've pulled into businesses (gas stations, convenience stores, restaurants, etc.) parking lots to see a big sign supporting Trump, and I went elsewhere.  Why in the world alienate a good chunk of potential customers?
Don’t be a traitor and try to over throw the government & you won’t get blacklisted. Seems pretty simple to me.
Boycott his shitty pillows? No problem
Conservatives are all for letting the free market decide right up until the free market decides against them.
As an employee of Kohl’s I fucking love this news. Fuck this guy.
I don't know why you would not buy this guys pillows? The are high quality, super comfortable and filled with the best combination of treason, sedition and stupidity. You will get the best night sleep, which is what you need before storming the castle.
Once Biden gets in the white house and installs socialism it will be OurPillow.
A boycott by Republicans may increase their retail sales dramatically.
He's so terrible that I dont know which is worse,   Fox News for advertising his product,   or him for paying millions in advertising fees to Fox News.
You know what, fuck this guy
war profiteering doesn't always pay, Mikey.  Isn't that a pretty drone hovering over your factory?
He is right we should boycott! Boycott his products that is
Wait, so he wants to like, cancel them?
You can't boycott my boycott.  I'll call for a boycott for that.
Daydreaming about martial law will cause a pillow fight my friend
Yet these same shit fucks whine on any social media they haven't been banned for breaking the rules from about cancel culture.
I mean, I boycotted *him* first, so...  Look, I don't want to be a jackass here, but don't hitch your product to some political candidate if you don't want to lose market share.  It's a shitty fad product anyway.
He wanted Bloodbath & Beyond.
Well I guess it's back to be a crackhead...
Best news I’ve heard all day. I will never support this 🤡
>Lindell created his MyPillow empire from scratch in 2004, while struggling with a cocaine addiction.  During a fit of withdrawal agitation, he shredded the egg crate mattress he was laying on inside a burned out condemned building.  Feeling paranoid about the mess he'd just created, he stuffed it into his backpack.  Then he crashed and when he regained consciousness, he realized his head was lying on his backpack and it didn't feel totally awful, not good, but not horrible either.  Thus MyPillow was born, because MyBackpack didn't sound right.
The way 2021 is going Dominion will soon have it's own Pillow line.
That's Capitalism, baby!
He literally sells pillows and for some reason jesus at the white house, is America a competition to see how much influence the least qualified person can have? Trump really set the bar low, but jesus pillow guy 2028, surely the guy wants to set bed bath and beyond straight.
>Lindell created his MyPillow empire from scratch in 2004, while struggling with a cocaine addiction.  I don't think he ever gave up the sugar.
I can't think of a single person I know who has ever bought a mypillow pillow.
This guy claims he got clean because his crack dealer had an intervention with him. Yeah, that's totally believable.
Doesn't this mean that they're already boycotting him?
"I HATE cancel culture, let's cancel them!" - conservatives
Good? I mean the pillows suck balls anyway.   Also Bed, bath and beyond is about to become Bed, Bath, and Beyond plus Bankruptcy. The stores are dying, they offer ZERO benefits over Amazon since they are already shit, over-priced, stupidly cramped/packed and aside from pillows/comforters no reason to go. The only reason to go for those is to try them. BUT you can't right now...you know pandemic.   Kohl's don't care.
He'll cry wolf and claim it's "cancel culture" when in reality it's the free market correcting itself by choosing to not associate itself with a company who includes "armed terrorist insurrection" and "martial law" as part of its brand.
Sure seems like right wing folk try to cancel companies and people who don’t agree with them.     Is it possible that the recent republican outcry against cancel culture just that they don’t like being on the losing end of being cancelled?
Good, I will be happy to boycott products being sold by someone calling for martial law to keep a loser president in office past the end of his term.
This guy and whoever makes Trumpy Bear are Cringtopia. Trumpy Bear Ads are so comical but also so deranged. They are literally selling to a market that they know have a cult mentality and will buy anything that gives them security lol
Perhaps some brain damage from his alcohol and crack abuse.
Amazon still sells them. Go tell them how you feel about it.
Why, I'd be happy to boycott MyPillow at the request of the MyPillow CEO
There are always consequences.
Ah, Capitalism--- the poison of those who hide their hate and nationalism behind it.  Their copium tastes so good.
Probably because his pillows suck
That's the free market speaking.
Hey, maybe Trump will hire him to work in his hotels.
My pillow guy uses reverse boycott!   It's not very effective...
Oh, go drop dead, you stupid fascist slime. You get boycotted for trying to install a dictatorship, not for boycotting the cunt that tried it. I hope this fucking snake falls down an elevator shaft.
Looks like it's time to go shopping at Kohl's and Bed Bath & Beyond.  Do they sell weed?
So I should listen to some "born again" CEO who wants Martial Law to protect his tax bracket? Nah, I'll pass.   Anyone seen my bit ass pile of Bed Bath and Beyond 20% coupon postcards? Time to go shopping.
“They boycotted me! So let’s boycott them!”  The irony is lost on these people.
Consequences are a beautiful thing.
He's right ! Let's all boycott "My Pillow", because every dumb ass thing they do backfires.
I just checked out the mypillow website. If that’s not a train wreck, I don’t know what is.
Advising a president to overthrow an election has consequences.
Boo hoo, give that guy a fucking puppers
Whenever he talks to Trump, it's called "Pillow Talk"
I would love to see this POS go bankrupt. Then his financial status would match his moral status.
And so begins the great corporation wars of 2021
The "As seen on TV" section somehow just got a little classier.
I’m glad they stopped selling his shitty pillows.
Anyone watching Pluto TV today?   Those commercials for My Pillow are back to back to back.
I will boycott MyPillow. Done.
Good. They're crappy pillows anyway. I asked for one as a gift years back and it was the lumpiest POS I've ever had to sleep on.
I never knew a pillow could be so political.
FYI/PSA: Bed Bath & Beyond will give you 20% off an item about every month [https://offers.bedbathandbeyond.com/SignupWidget/dynamic/BBBUS-text-offers](https://offers.bedbathandbeyond.com/SignupWidget/dynamic/BBBUS-text-offers), and Kohl's will give you a 15 [https://www.kohls.com/ecom/SMS/SMS_15-template.html](https://www.kohls.com/ecom/SMS/SMS_15-template.html?icid=mtmf-utility-sms&clickId=Wt1SFZxMKzOjR8CyR9Sib2uDUkEUYQTBWQ-ewE0&irgwc=1&utm_campaign=362118&utm_source=73030&cid=affiliate-_-73030&utm_content=ONLINE_TRACKING_LINK&utm_medium=affiliate)
Understand what the picture above depicts: a mask-less pillow salesman with plans to overthrow the US government is having the door to the White House held open for him by a Marine. The Marine is wearing a mask, which prevents any infection he may have from being given to others. That's how much these magholes actually care about patriotism - they're willing to kill actual patriots in exchange for power.
It's because you're a cunt and your pillows suck.
The worst part of all this - his pillows are shitty.  As in - not just not good, but shit.  They're the product of very aggressive marketing.  I stayed at a friend's house two years ago and she had them in the guest bedroom.  She had to apologize in advance, and we told her we weren't that picky and she had nothing to apologize for.  My stiff neck the following morning deserved that apology.
Fuck this guy. He got lucky in life to be able to do what he did after his history. His political ambitions are gonna be gone shortly because no one will touch him or his pillows after all of this. He backed the wrong horse and is going to pay the price. It’s unfortunate that many people (especially young people) who worked for and under this Admin will lose a lot of good opportunities because of all of this.
Their pillow cases come with eye holes pre cut
His pillows are trash, and so are his politics.
Okay let's put politics aside for a moment... His pillows are still absolutely garbage. I tried one a couple years ago. They are cheap and very uncomfortable. Back to politics. Fuck that guy.
I'd love to be so passionate about something that the hurt feelings of a strange CEO of an overpriced and poorly reviewed pillow caused me to boycott stores and change my shopping habits.
His pillows suck. Feel like someone shoved random foam shavings into a bag. That’s probably why they stopped selling them
Consequence Culture at it’s finest.
*Fuck around* (with facists), *find out* (everyone now hates you).
free market is a double edged sword when you put your entire ass out
I feel like having the mypillow guy give any kind of advice in politics is a lot like having a Luluroe hun managing political finances
I've owned a my pillow in the past and it's literally just unprocessed cotton in a bag shit product shit ceo I'm glad
>Trump’s supporters on social media platforms are now calling for boycotts of the retailers  Oh no.  Anyways.
As a non-Amercan, who is this guy? How did he get where he is? I haven't seen him come up until the last couple of days and basically have no idea what's going on.
Well well well. If it isn’t the consequences of my actions.
*The Pillow Wars* have begun.
So, the free market works? Asking for a friend.
Honestly, I've tried MyPillow and IMO they're not that great anyways.
“Cancel culture is a violation of my rights!” But also “cancel the stores that stopped carrying my product!”
I'm guessing I won't be seeing MyPillow disappear from my local PX, though.  :C
I don’t like kohl’s pricing, but I love the guys clothes they carry. I might start shopping there more now if I don’t have to run into Q trumpers.
Thanks. Now I know who isn’t giving this twat any money and makes me feel better about shopping there.
Oh man my two favorite stores. I think I'll go shopping at them this weekend
I was at BBB last week and saw a bunch of MyPillow stuff still on the shelves. I guess nobody wants to buy the leftover stock?
Good !  hope “my pillow “ goes out of business !!!  He bailed that little murdering 17yo piece of human filth out of jail ...
But i already boycott mypillow
MyPillows are literally the worst pillow I have ever used and I feel sorry for anyone (especially old people) who buy them. I’ve had a normal pillow that was like 8 years old and it felt way more comfy than a shitty MyPillow. The MyPillow feels like they literally stuffed a case with cotton balls.
I was *this close* to starting my own pillow brand back when I was an important figure in the mattress industry. I saw this joker's success, and the pillows were crap. I ended up not starting it because of conflicts of interest. I would've needed to quit my existing project.   Maybe I should revisit this idea, now that my conflicts of interest are gone. Make it a B-corp, donate to charities that liberals like, and heavily advertise the fact that you can get a good night's sleep on your pillow, not only because of how comfortable it is, but because your money won't go to right-wing causes.
Haha, it’s a crappy pillow with a crappy return policy. They probably got tired of customers bringing them back!
What’s the best way to get BJ’s to stop selling them?
Imagine how important this guy *thinks* he is....
Ahhhhh ha! How are you surprised your public actions have consequences?   He can still sell his shitty pillows on Etsy with other Q-Anon merch.
Boycott? Sure. I will never buy his shitty pillow.
This is a good time as any to plug this pillow:  https://www.ezpostureproducts.com/sleep-ez-adjustable-pillow-1/
Can't sell insurrectionist pillows
Only one way to resolve this... *PILLOW FIGHT!!!*
But where are the dumb rednecks going to shop for their "fancy church clothes" if they can't go to Kohl's?
He may not be addicted to drugs, but he's still a crackhead.
I’ll be sure to support Kohl’s and even BBB now. Even though I’m not fond of spending $43 on a spatula
There's always Walmart...
This guy even speaks like Trump.
Just so everyone is clear, this is not censorship or tyranny
The actions you take cause reactions.  He chose a path following Donald Trump even as far as supporting martial law he must realise that other companies will want to distance themselves from him . This is not cancel culture it is pure capitalism every company wants to protect their profitability and being associated with him now is bad business.
I bet he'll be screaming "my Christian values are being attacked"
I got boycotted, so let’s boycott them instead 😭
He's right. People should boycott...MyPillow
Isn’t he also a crack head?
It's incredible how some people won't just shut up and be rich.  Like, if I was rich, I'd spend all my time *not* holding press conferences or talking to reporters. I'd be so busy *not* talking publicly and just *being rich.*
Make me want to go to those stores more
I bought one before I knew anything about this guy. Its pretty comfy but sometimes i swear I hear It whisper "heil hitler" in the middle of the night.
When you have a successful business, you should shut up about politic and religion because at the end, when you're getting boycott, it's your workers that are paying the price.   Just be happy about your wealth.
Boycott my pillow? No problem
My pillows suck. I was gifted two years ago and they only went into throw pillows.
It is like these people think that actions don’t have consequences. “Fuck yeah let’s commit treason” - “Omg why are you guys so mean to us...”
It's pretty clear we need a left wing pillow called OurPillow.
This crackhead should never have made it past donor. How he got so close to the President, is just crazy.
Was the stores doing it due to politics or did they figure it wasn't going to sell much not that he's linked with Trump?
Aren't these companies not selling his products simply participating in the "free market" that the right is always screaming about?
If you're a Trump supporter, knowing this guy was giving advice to Trump, and you still follow Trump? I mean this is one of several red flags
Aww, the free market did the thing it's allowed to. Poor baby. Wanna cry?
His pillows were probably made in the same country dump's clothing and materials were made in...........CHINA!
this satanic blowhard will be left peddling his dumb head cushions on OAN in no time.
I just went to bed bath and beyond a couple days ago and a sales associate told me they’ve had customers boycott the store, so I’m glad they made this decision.
This guy used to be a crack addict.
Mike Lindell is a schmuck.
Boycotting them is MyPillow version Marshall law
This is when Democrats go shop at Kohls and BB&B to support them, like republicans did when Chick-fil-a got boycotted for funding hate groups, right?
What happens when the free market party realizes the free market doesn’t need their business anymore?
Where is your God now, Moses?
I’ve always liked to comment with “HI IM MIKE LINDELL CEO OF MYPILLOW” on random things, like maybe an article about signals picked up from deep space, or a “new fone who dis” and I really hope I can continue my joke into the future
The mypillow isn't even that good of a pillow
More likely people will go buy more stuff from Kohls and Bed bath and beyond.
"Noooooo, stop boycotting me. Or i'll boycott you"
This is free marketing for kohl's and BBB.
Good. His pillows suck anyway. I opened one up to take some of the fill out and it’s literally just torn up pieces of foam.
I save thousands of dollars every time I shop at Kohl’s.  I won’t be boycotting any time soon.
Sorry they are just realizing who this guy is? He’s been a joke for years for how far right he is but because he visited the White House now they cancel him? Not sure how they didn’t know.
“ He’s gonna cry himself to sleep tonight on his weeeee little pillow. “ - Mike Myers, ‘So I Married An Axe Murderer’ 🪓 👧
I mean I already liked shopping at Kohl's but guess I need to buy like a lamp or something from BB&B
You can take away my stack of expired yet still functional BB&B coupons away when you pry them from my cold, dead hands, Mike.
Shysters love shysters.
Being associated with Trump seems to be going very well for many business owners
I actually feel sorry for the people who work for this piece of shit. All he had to do was not fall for conspiratorial bullshit and just make a fucking third-rate pillow his advertisement team could sell as a premium product. But no, he had to go full qanon, demand the subversion of democracy and human rights, and not only destroy his product, but get sued for defaming another company in the process.   I thought I'd had terrible bosses.
It’s a shitty pillow anyways.
I'm a little worried that the pillow supply will run low...
All the more reason to shop at Bed Bath & Beyond
Looks like I need to consider shopping more at bed bath and beyond and kohls.
Ya know, I was at BB&B yesterday thinking about this exact thing. His smug face all over.
You know what? I'm gonna shop at Kohl's *even harder.*
Politics aside, the My Pillow actually is awesome, the wife and I love ours lol
How can I write to the resellers of this product that I wish to boycott their retail establishment/online unless they remove a product which its sales sponsors domestic terrorism?
When running a business it’s best to stay out of politics if you can help it.  No matter what you do you’re gonna piss off at least half of your customers.
Fellas, is it 1984 for people to not want to buy/sell my products???
Damn. Looks like I will be shopping at bed bath and beyond for a new pilliow then.
Glad I shopped at BB&B yesterday.
Can you imagine working for MyPillow and this twat is your boss?!   Thoughts & Prayers.
What did he think was going to happen really? Maybe he just goofed by having those papers exposed, but just being there I think would raise some eyebrows.
Yup boycotting my pillow and shopping at and bed bath and kohl’s
Guys. This headline. Seriously put yourself back in time five years and imagine reading this headline with this photo.   Real glad we’re getting off this roller coaster. Now we have to spend the next couple of years tearing it down and burning the pieces.
When socialism prevails, it will be OurPillow.
I don't even think there's a word in english to express how fucking weird things have gotten down in the WH
I hope these companies stop shelling out money to other people connected to Trump like Cruz and Hawley. Hit them in their pocket and I’m sure their Trump love fest will end.
Becomes presidents advisor...  To the worst president ever.
Don’t forget Menards in the Midwest. Still on the shelves there.
Why do ceos boast about politics? You're basically losing half your customers. Ya do deals or whatever but to hang from a politicians nuts on TV can't be good for these universal businesses like my pillow, chill filet, General Mills. Maybe good business for smith and wesson to do so.
I’m sure Hobby Lobby and Christianbooks will still sell his pillows.
I was in a Bed, Bath and Beyond yesterday (Western MA) and there were definitely still My Pillow products on the shelves.  Maybe they just stopped ordering more, but they haven't pulled them from their shelves.
Conservatives getting mad about the results of a free market
Yessss I love to watch him take his own business down in the last week of trumps presidency
I find it so bizarre that these people care enough about politics that they're willing to sacrifice their jobs and livelihood to storm a capital and spread conspiracies before biden has even taken office mind you
I doubt the dude ever stopped doing crack, he just got rich enough the police don't care. Also lol at conservatives boycotting these stores, IME most are shoplifters, they don't want your "business".
I met this dude hawking his pillows at a Costco one time. Didn't know much about him, but he seemed a little off. My SO ended up buying a couple before we knew he was such a jackass and I gotta say: These pillows are overpriced and overrated. Latex/memory foam pillows beat them handily in terms of comfort.
they probably don't want those plague rats in their stores anyhow
Boycotts? But that’s cancel culture! Surely republicans don’t believe in that, right?
Remember when.... during the president’s Covid press conferences Mike Lindell was given air time in which he said a whole lot of bullshit plugging his company and then bible thumps.   That press conference was an embarrassment. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. A corporate love festival.
That pesky insurrection!
A smart businessman would stay out of politics..
Freedom loving Patriots are mad because my pillow ceo fomenting insurrection and suggesting martial law has caused bed bath and beyond to drop his shit. Conservatives who are mad at the very idea of a boycott want to boycott bed bath and beyond.   The irony is like 8 layers deep.
This guy could’ve quietly made a fortune selling overpriced pillows to Trump supporters. They throw money at any product Trump tells them to.   But instead he had to go all in on Trump and destroy himself in the process.
I agree. We should all boycott MyPillow
Now for the rest. I wonder how a person could get a list of all of his retail partners. Congrats to the companies whom have already dropped this monster. Now, if the rest of, or even the majority of his unwitting retail enablers pull the plug, we can be done with this seditious turd until he can be formally charged and convicted.  Thanks Right-wing media for giving Sedition a platform to grow while enriching wonderful people like this dipshit. No wonder Republicans are afraid of their constituents. They created a fantasy-world in which these people live and have created a monster constituency that they cannot control.
It’s as if there are dire consequences to stupid actions 🙀
Apparently he was part of the "Elect one dumb-ass get the second one free" promo I guess
Honestly, good for them for removing the MyPillows from their stores.
We bought his pillows at BB&B and they aren't that great. We are now using them as guest pillows. Time to return them with the wacky shit he's been saying lately like "invoke martial law, if necessary." WTF!!!
So funny when Capitalism comes back and bites the capitalists in the bottom.
So what you’re saying is we need to keep calling Macys and Walmart?
I mean, he's a irrepressible piece of shit, soooo he shouldn't be surprised.  But then again that would require any amount of self- reflection or awareness.
Somebody tell the crackhead that’s how the free market works..retailers are by no means bound to carry shit pillows from a batshit crazy asswipe.. lots of retailers stop selling a product for no reason , aldi, lidl, wholesale clubs.. don’t like it, should have thought about that before trying to overthrow the government with conspiracies
"these companies are suppressing my free speech by not buying my product! We must punish them by not buying their products! I don't see any irony in that!"
As a Minnesotan, I would like to say something:    Fuck this guy
Next time I'm out shopping, I'm going to buy something from Kohl's and Bed Bath and Beyond.
Kohl's doesn't need any help deterring customers.
I may be more likely to patronize these establishments now!
So many people keep saying they want to forget 2020. I think it should be studied and remembered intensely so there isn't a shit-show that climaxes like this ever again.
I work for an etailer that's dropping Mypillow but it's probably more to do with our sales of the brand being down like 30% per year the last few years  People aren't buying your shitty pillows Mike
I thought this guy was a god man so why does he care about money.
2 in the thoughts, 1 in the prayers
~~Paul Bearer~~ MyPillow CEO ought to know that actions have consequences.
Is he kidding? If anything he's interested me in supporting these stores.
Should change the company name to *SobbingIn*MyPillow. Treasonous fuck deserves everything that comes to him over this absurd attempt at overthrowing our democracy.
There is still a salesman at my Costco every couple weeks. I’ll admit I have two of the pillows and they fixed a bunch of neck issues I have. Not proud, but I bought them before I knew he was a huge Trump guy.
https://www.budget101.com/frugal-living/5698-my-pillow/
Fuck. Now I need a new pillow.
I hate this. I sleep on two my pillows and they’re pretty much the only pillows I can sleep on. WHY must the CEO be a crazy dammit
Has anyone ever felt one of those pillows, they are straight ass my dude.  It's a pillow of scraps, no wonder this guy is loaded.
Mike Lindell, learning that Freedom of Speech and usage of Speech has consequences. The fact the man went to the President and recommended "martial law" to ensure Trump stayed in office is more than reason enough to boycott and stop carrying his poorly made pillows. We boycott authors and products because the spokespeople say bigoted things. I think actively promoting sedition and recommending the overturn of a democratically decided election is ALSO grounds for a boycott.
Someone needs to tell this guy to "Shut up and pillow."
Guess I'm shopping at kohl's today!
Is this the free market correction I hear so much about?
I'll  make sure to buy something at BB&B as well as Kohl's this week, just to reward them for giving that Pillow moron the boot!
I’m surprised Trump hasn’t been in touch with Offer Shlomi on how to handle hookers in the future. Since he’s scraping the bottom of the barrel now.
Cry me a river, Britney.
I agree, we should noycott MyPillow
Ok and?.  Free market
My seditious pillow. It’ll be a coup how well you sleep.
I was listening to Kim Komando this past weekend and the show is never political. Its a nice break from current events. Then the God Damn My Pillow commercial came on. and I thought yuck. Then it came on again. Triple fucking yuck. I start channel surfing because the sound of this America hating fucking dink ruined my atmosphere. LOL
Welcome to the free market, asshole.
Nobody gives a fuck about this guy’s pillows. He be acting like his company matters to people. He can fuck off with his pillow. Nobody wants his corrupt self or his political agenda; and much less his stupid pillows
According to this headline how did this fuckwad get the position he has in the first place? Pillows are incredibly lucrative I figured the guy might be business savvy but maybe he’s just another entitled idiot. Wtf did you think would happen you nutjob?
Fighting cancel culture with cancel culture...
Him and Trump have a bit in common. Neither had the foresight to know this shit would ruin them.
Conservatives want free markets amirite?
Hahaha fuck you Mike Lindell!
TFW when the invisible hand of the market backhands your pillows
Guys a fuckin creep. And my mom gave me her extra MyPillow and it’s a piece of shit pillow. Dude better go comb his mustache.
That’s the thing, you have the freedom to say your opinion but Capitalism has the freedom to drop your ass as well.
I think BbB and kohl’s will win.
Is no one going to mention his really obvious and bad dye job, a la Rudy boy melting?
I bought hi stupid pillow thinking it would reduce nighttime tension and headaches, but they made it worse. His pillows are BUNK!
His pillows suck ass anyway.
I went to a furniture store this weekend and in the corner was a cutout of that guy (hidden, probably left from days past) and I had a short burst of rage and then a feeling of novelty like I saw a clown.  His pillows can be the best pillows in the world (they are probably not) but if it produces reactions like mine it’s toxic for any store. They have to cancel him. What did he expect would happen? Dixie Chicks? He probably never complained about what happened to them.
I was in a BBB last night and they had a ton of his shitty pillows.
But it’s made with the proud labor of Minnesota.  The guy could be a union agent if he looses his day job.
Conservatives (terrorists) crying facism when a literal fascist get's his product taken of the shelves bg a retailer. Cry harder cons, your tears are delicious.
I bought his pillows. Wasn't anything special. When I learned about his fucked up views I returned the pillows immediately.
Suck a dick mike! Your pillows are trash for the earth. Ya prick
I heard Biden has hired the Leaf Filter Guy to get his intel from. Makes sense.
Headline needs rewrite: Nobody Buying MyPillows at Bed Bath & Beyond or Kohls.
Howbout you try not being toxic to associate with?
I will make it a point to support these 2 companies
He deserves what he gets. POS. I would never buy anything from him ever. It would have the rotten stench of traitor trump on it.  Charges should be filed against him.
I’m continuing to boycott MyPillow, my pillow and your pillow.
Maybe it's just a shitty product.
If MyPillow was publicly traded, there's no way the shareholders would let him remain at the top.  I just feel bad for whichever of his 1,700 employees that don't support Trump or treason who will feel the bite from his idiocy.
Guarantee this guy doesn't use his own products. Total junk peddler.
Perhaps they stopped selling the pillows because the are very uncomfortable.
MyPillow causes cancer. I heard people say that so it must be true.
Politics should always be private. If your a business owner this should be considered more heavily
I have one. They're comfy fuckin' pillows
Please let these rightt wing fucktards boycott places, ill actually go there then. Because the no masky mouthbreather maga crew is just tiresome. I promise to spend more if they promise to stay away.
They should have stopped selling his products based on the pure shit quality of his pillows alone. Those things are way over priced and horrible quality
When you try to Fascism, sometimes the free market decides they don't want your business anymore. Weird!
Corporations are too involved in controlling our government. If anyone wants a good pillow fyi. I bought like 3-4 different ones. Returned them all except one. I highly recommend it. Beckham hotel collection 2 pack 40 bucks right now 71,000 reviews on Amazon.
It’s the only way to get his attention is to not buy his crappy pillows.
Such an idiot. If you are a businessman, NEVER talk politics.
Can we stop talking about this dumbass yet?
Time to hit up BB&B and Kohl’s for some stuff.  Thanks for the heads up, Mike Pillow.
This asshole is a stain on Minnesotans everywhere. Can’t believe a person of his caliber has that much power.
Pretty soon MyPillow is gonna be DominionsPillow
Oh, there will be a boycott alright, just not the one he wants.
He really should’ve stuck to pillows.
This dude gonna tank his own company for absolutely nothing. Sad and funny at the same time.
I'd love to give an unbiased review of the MyPillow.  Unfortunately I'm not a fucking alien who buys pillows off of infomercials.
How’s that free market treating you bitch
Notice another right wing white supremacist nut job is calling for war via economy against others. Its almost as if there is a pattern amongst these people.  Should we tell the guy that boycotts don't work because there are too many people in the country and that his group of people aren't the majority of the population. They aren't even half.
Honestly the pillows suck anyway
The circus is packing up and will be gone in less than 24 hours, this moron as well.
I thought that was the plan: We boycott the mypillow guy, and everything he touches.
Can Dominion go after this guy already and sue him for a billion.  He needs to be put out of business.
My man, I think a boycott is exactly what you're getting.
nothing wrong with choosing a side when it comes to politics but he is choosing a man that wants to be a king and have goons use fear tactics to force everyone to comply, thats why people are hurting your wallet!
Ok I guess I need to shop more at Kohls and BBB this month
This news doesn’t surprise me, but I bought a mypillow before he was cool and I thought it sucked - I think I returned it, come to think of it.   I think those retailers may have just sold all the pillows they were gonna sell, more or less. It’s possible that he also made the retailers think he’s unhinged by acting unhinged in public.  Free speech also works as an alarm bell/warning sign for others, after all.
I was actually pretty impressed early in Trumps Presidency when he said he was going to oust a bunch of lobbyists.  Didn’t think he’d replace them with trash conspiracy theorists like pillow guy.
MyPillow versus BB&B?  &#x200B;  As Morgan Freeman once so eloquently said, "Good luck."
Good luck with that. My mom thinks Trump is great because abortion policies, but she also once left me on the side of a highway for 3 hours with a flat tire because she had to hit a limited time kohl's sale before it ended. She lives for kohl's cash.
The fact that a pillow crack head is this closely involved with top American politics is insane
When is it ever a good idea for a business selling completely apolitical product to take highly partisan political positions in public?
As a worker at kohls, hearing the managers talking about pulling my pillows off the floor made me not as ashamed to work for them
No store chain is going to stock stuff that doesn't sell... It's not a boycott or a censoring... its just business
Why was a MyPillow guy even consulted on politics in the first damn place?
I remember getting a real Trump vibe reading this article. Tries to be humble but then throws in a plug for his recovery network: "This is going to be the best online help in the history of addiction coming out".  https://www.swnewsmedia.com/chaska_herald/news/business/come-back-and-help-them-all-mike-lindell-on-recovery-book-business/article_0e88d3f3-181d-5e18-a4c8-e41f110d21bd.html
Good . I was disgusted that they carried his product in the first place. haven't shopped there since 2019 when I saw them in the store
Thoughts and prayers for his company, which is basically a person in this country.
“Boy, you ask the president to use the military to take over the country one time...”  *In case any Reddit sleuths note I used this format a week ago for something else...yeah, I am using it as a meme. I hope it gets adopted as a framework to contextualize the outrageous (treasonous?) behaviour of these extremist crybabies. It’s too easy for the 24hr news cycle to allow disconnection of cause and effect.*
I hope every future fictional WH movie just has a character called “Pillow Man” hanging around in the backgrounds
This is unrelated mostly but has to do with pillows. For the last decade I’ve been using a pillow that is the most comfortable pillow I’ve ever used, but it’s starting to fall apart. I created it by accident years ago by washing it; whatever the fill is kind of broke up and split into clumps and it just forms the most perfect cushion for my head and shoulders. I almost cannot sleep without it. It is so old however that all do the labels and such have long since worn away and I have no idea what it originally was for recreating the circumstances that led to its birth.  Anyway I’ll have a small Frosty and some nuggets.
I don’t shop those stores. I guess I need to start now.
You know this guy is a dumb fuck because he wanted to get involved in politics while operating a large nation wide business. Why would you alienate 60% of your customers by backing the worst president in modern history?
For the worst led coup in the whole wide world visit myyyyypillow.com
Your words have consequences.
As long as he doesn't somehow turn it into a successful discrimination suit (claiming it was because he espoused "conservative" values even though what he espoused was military coup), then I'm cool with it. Like another poster said below, it just means I get to go shopping with fewer people and ones that can wear masks properly.
This headline hurts my brain
Who wants to buy that crap anyway.
It's amazing to me that this man can be so fascist and racist, yet still expect everyone to be cool with him. People like him are *finally* being made to pay for their bigotry, and they don't like it. The last few months have shown the entire planet who the *real* whiny-ass, safe-zone-needing, delicate, snowflakes are.
I hope TV networks drop his ads too, I am tired of seeing his pillow ads on TV
Yeah. But also he’s moved his product abroad. It’s being advertised in the UK. Can you please stop exporting the crappiest stuff/ people over here?
My dad is a trump supporter. I knew nothing about MyPillow, but around Christmas all he could talk about is how much he wanted one. I didn’t think anything of it and went to BB&B and got 4 of them for $120. Only later did I find out about the owner... fml
Boycott MyPillow? Got it.
A month from now we’re gonna see all the Trumpers walking around with jacked up necks and shoulders because they all order MyPillows to offset the boycott! Those pillows are shit!
Worst purchase I ever made. Horrible pillows.
Cough "free market" cough  They only want free market when it hurts the people they don't like.
Both sides have been accusing each other of voter fraud for decades. They even mock each other by giving false confessions about committing it to try and trigger each other's voter base into violence. We're all nothing but peasants to them. Stop going at each others throats and move on. There's nothing any of us can do.
Oh I see how it is, talk crazy on the internet? OMG WE MUST BOYCOTT NOW!!!  Actually commit immoral acts that destroy the environment and rob third world countries of their own resources? IF ONLY WE HAD MORE SHELF SPACE!!! (I'm looking at you, nestle.)
Hey, maybe it wasn't about your half-baked coup idea.   Maybe it's because your pillows suck ass.
Am I the only one who can see his shirt tail hanging out the back of his jacket?
Just tried to leave a review on Amazon but they are seeing an unusual increase in reviews for the product. Won’t let me. Darn it. Lol.
Should have stuck to selling pillows instead of wanting to be hitlers right hand man.
Sounds like those stores boycotted him.
“I don’t understand why people stopped carrying my products. All I did was suggest the military take over the country until we got things our way. Ours being Donald and I. We’re close, I call him Donald. And he calls me Pillow Mark.”  Edit: spelling
You can't boycott me, I'll boycott you!
Good. The product is crap and the marketing is deceptively full of bullshit. What is it called? The Sleep Foundation? They keep rating my pillow as number one, but the foundation was started by the people who make the fucking pillow.
Aw did baby finally realize what the Free Market actually mean? What a shame that is.
Well, that's free market capitalism for ya.
Good.  There must be consequences for trying to overthrow our government.
The funny thing is that this is the same situation as Colin Kaepernick and both sides lose their minds and can't see it.  Person does something that brings heat from a slice of society, private organization does not want anything to do with it, private organization dumps them and the people that support the person cry First Amendment or some other law that doesn't apply.  No one is arresting Mr. My Pillow but there are consequences for being disliked or having an unpopular opinion. Same with Kaepernick, who I personally agree with but I understand why the NFL wanted, at the time, to just pretend he didn't exist.
I'll never do business with the likes of Lindell simply because they're all boldfaced liars.  As far as I'm concerned they're just a bunch of fake Christians who like to mock the 9th Commandment with impunity.   Fuck 'em to Hell.
I am completely behind these boycotts. Boycott MyPillow and it's fascist crackhead Qultist owner.
His pillows suck anyway.  Fuck this poser.
Friendly reminder that the president and CEO of Kohl's was a Democratic US senator from 1989 to 2013.
The my pillow guy looks like he suffers from small hands.
Boy, what a shame that the man selling MeinPillow is facing boycotts for devoting himself to a man that tried to emulate Mein Kampf.
*Companies exercising free market principles*  Alt-right: Not like that!
What did he expect?  I mean seriously.
That's capitalism and the free market at work. Do stupid ass shit and lo and behold omg people don't want to work with you! Fuckin idiot.
Freedom of speech but not freedom from consequences of that speech.
Anyone who thinks/says Donald Trump was sent by god should immediately not be trusted. Trump is the human embodiment of the seven deadly sins
He paid for Kyle the murderer’s bail money, it is quite obvious what he thinks of racism.
I literally turned off a show I was watching over the weekend when one of his commercials came on. I wish I could remember the network so I could let them know.   Before he was a bit annoying. Now he's gross and annoying.
Imagine building a successful business from scratch and destroying it because you hitched your wagon to fucking Trump like this fucking mong.  I always get perplexed at people that all they had to do was nothing. Instead he choose this path and will lose everything
Good riddance, MyPillow is terrible.  I don't understand why people purchased the product.
My mom just learned about what a piece of shit this guy was this week,  and I guess she owns several of his pillows and loves them.  She doubled the amount of money she spent on My Pillow over the years and made a donation to Planned Parenthood in his honor.  I think that's a good atonement.
Yes, let's start boycotting anyone that carries these low-quality pillows made by a traitor to the country
Some big donors there...My Pillow, U-Line...all kinds of em.  Would be nice if a list was available of people like this and the competion that should be supported instead of them.
Hey maybe don’t align yourself with a politician
He also talks like Trump. No surprise
It’s almost as if private businesses can choose not to support a fascist’s product
It’s called voting with your wallet, my man, an idea that conservatives used to be huge proponents of until it started to backfire on them.
His pillows sucked anyway.
Yo real talk, mypillow is a legit shitty pillow
It happens when you are trying to overthrow the government to implement a nazi like regime
I don't care about his politics. He conquered crack addiction to become a multi millionaire through hard work and determination. That's super admirable. And his pillows are awesome I have one
So I'm having the combo gyro from my local mediterranean joint.  The wife is having the falafel. It's our first time trying the place, but it smells amazing every time we pass by it.  It should be arriving in like 10 minutes, so I'll let you know how it came out; I'm aware of how important my gyro's flavor is relative to the future fortunes of the "Oops, all lumps" pillow guy.  [Edit: okay this place is f****** legit]
Fuck that MyPilliow bitch ass mother fucker
It's also the only pillow company that is made in the US. It employs roughly 2,000 Americans.  Meanwhile, all other pillows are made in third-world countries and many if not most of them are made in PLA owned factories filled with prison labor in China.   Exactly how is buying a MyPillow worse than buying pillows may by literal slave labor?   Is the guy an asshole? Of course but let's don't pretend to buy pillows from other companies is even remotely morally better than buying this asshole's pillows.
My pillow CEO is complicit in insurrection and sedition and the FBI should arrest him for investigation
Classic "leopards ate my face" situation.  If bakers don't have to sell gay wedding cakes then Kohl's doesn't have to sell fascist pillows.
Trump is like a stomach.  Everything that goes thru him turns to shit.
I’m all in, I will boycott his pillows!
He bailed out a murderer and gets his picture taken with the antichrist to whom he has donated a small fortune, all while wearing a cross around his neck. Weird how some people might take issue with that.
It's interesting to watch these tards undervalue the effect of social media in the 21st century.  The calls for boycotts are minor compared to the insanely negative press he's been getting for the past couple of months.  Goodbye, MyPillow.
why does pillow man want to destroy the ecomony :'(
Boycotts? I thought it was CaNcEL cuLTUre!! now
He’s the worst kind of Trumper: a fascist who supported declaring martial law to try to overturn the results of a free and fair election. Trump’s own Homeland Security Department called the election the most secure in history. Trump’s toady AG, Bill Barr, admitted there was no fraud of any impact. Judges appointed by Trump threw out his baseless lawsuits in scathing opinions declaring that Trump has no evidence of fraud. Read Judge Bibas’ opinion for the Third Circuit. Just google his name and opinion on Trump. Yet Trump continued to lie about having won the election, even inciting insurrection. The My Pillow guy wanted to take it even further. He should be shamed everywhere he shows his face, like Ted Cruz and Josh Hawley. All of them were willing to destroy 244 years of representative democracy to keep an incompetent fool in power. His stupid pillows should be boycotted everywhere.
r/conservative : Cancel culture strikes again!  Also r/conservative : BOYCOTT BED BATH AND BEYOND! BOYCOTT KOHLS!
Good.  You side yourself with insurrectionists and seditionists you will reap what you sow.
I hope Target, Bed Bath and Beyond, and Walmart also stop selling his products.
Don't worry Mike. I'm sure Bed Bath and Beyond will start selling them again after Dominion takes the company from you in court.
My 62 year old dad brags about his MyPillow that he bought at the grocery store and uses to sleep on a 30 year old couch in the living room, even though he has a bedroom with a bed that he uses for putting clothes on top of. MyPillow: The pillow for people who don't know how to sleep.
Beautiful.      People need to keep blowing up Macys, Walmart, etc til they drop him to. Let's send this ex crackhead back to the crackhouse before we send him to the big house for his sedition and crimes against this nation.
When will these mental midgets figure out that actions have consequences. The sense of entitlement is truly stunning
Hello Republicans, my name is an actual Free Market.
Lol he gettin his ass *can*celled!  Couldn’ta happened to a sweller feller.
reddit was a lib circlejerk but now its a full on orgy here :)
He donated to trump but profited off the publicity for 4 years the well has dried up my friend
he's been running advertisements offering 30% off lately.  must be affecting his business.  who knew that spreading lies would lead to reduced pillow sales?  Keep that cross around your neck hanging out of your shirt for all of us to see how you  are abusing your Christendom.
Still on sale at Walmart, but hopefully not for long
lol.. waiting for the "Cancel Culture" bullshit.
He can always rebrand his pillows to say it prevents 5G signals from invading your dreams. That should bring in some profits from all the nut cases out there.
Republicans: deregulate the market!  Also Republicans: this is total horse shit that the free market is working as we intended, but now I'm on the wrong side of it! Somebody help!
He made his pillow and now he can sleep on it.
His pillows are shit anyway
It's almost like being an insurrectionist idiot is bad for business.  Whodathunkedit?
Awwww, people starting to be held accountable for their actions but it’s just NOT FAIR!  *sniffles*
I think they were disturbed by the launch of his new product "Mein Pillow."  It's made to be comfortable even if you're still wearing your hood.  Guaranteed to be washable so those ashes from the cross burnings come right out.  To be sure you're getting the authentic product, look for the swastica on the lable.
An older guy I know, my old chess teacher, told me he was going to send me a book only if I would promise to read it. I promised I would. It was this guys book it is on the way to me in the mail. My friend is a great dude, maybe a bit conservative, since he said he was going to send me the book Mike Lindell was in the news and I had no idea who it was. Holy shit man I promised to read this book and my friend sent it to me. I feel like a fool.
I have never and will never buy a product from this fuck face. He on the list with Chik Fil A as far as companies I can never do business with due to their (lack of) moral compass.
If you really care about pillow vs kohl's drama then your life is boring af...
Got it. I'm planning a move very soon and will be buying tons of new furniture. To show my support, I will definitely follow through and boycott MyPillow.
I went through a lot of pillows before I finally found one I liked... the my pillow. I didn’t know about the dude when I bought it. My wife had me donate to FFRF.org as penance. Anyone know of a comparable secular pillow???
Support a coup and get the boot.
Wait, what about that while cancel culture thing?
I will boycott every store carrying MyTreasonPillow from now on.  BB&B and Kohls have earned my business with their prompt action.
If only Billy Mays were still around. This man is a disgrace.
Apparently the promo code "white" will get you quite the discount from mypillow.  [https://imgur.com/a/V8aIEj3](https://imgur.com/a/V8aIEj3)  For some reason didn't have the same luck with "black".
That's the power of the free market, babyyyyyy. Eat shit, Lindell.
Boohooohooo, then don't step into the political arena if you can't face the consequences!
Wahhhhhhh!  No one wants my Fourth Reich Fluffies
Don’t buy pillows or anything from a company whose owner supports Fascism.if someone would be kind enough to post the email if BBAB I will thank them for not carrying the products of an anti-American company.
Every outlet should stop selling this insurrectionists products
It’s almost like free speech doesn’t mean you can be an asshole and have zero repercussions. Weeeeiiirrrrddd.
Oh my god, how will these large chains survive without the insane, racist dollar.  Just kidding. I’m sick of this right wing cancel culture. Snowflakes.
As a kohl’s employee, good.  Your face creeps the associates out anyways.  Sincerely, Probably the entirety of kohl’s
Boycott MyPillow, because its CEO is as unAmerican as any fascist wanker my grandparents fought in WW2? Certainly. You can count on me.
Damnit!  The consequences of my actions!  My only weakness!
"No Mark, refusing to sell your shitty pillows as a response to you encouraging martial law to overturn an American election is not 'literally 1984.'"
Walmart, CVS, Home Depot , Big Lots, JCPenney all carry it.. I've been blasting them on social media. Please voice your opinion to these companies. It won't take too many complaints for them to take action.
Bed, Bath, and Beyond has maybe 1 year left until full liquidation and closure anyway.
Looks like he picked the wrong week to stop smoking crack.
I'll happily boycott MyPillow
Boycott My Pillow products?  Consider it done!
Good, he’s a conspiracy theorist piece of shit
There's plenty of reasons to boycott BB&B. Not carrying MyPillow isn't one of them.
I love how we got to the point in society where when your actions result in consequences, you call for fucking boycotts. This is why we can't let trump and repugs get away with everything. Normalize consequences.
hey republicans,  just so you understand,  you're literally backing and working for the destruction of democracy in America.   not figuratively,  you are literally supporting overthrowing a democratic election that did not go your way.    you are fighting against America,  you are the bad guy,  you are supporting terrorists attacking our country because a guy who lies about literally everything lied about losing, and every time he was asked to provide any proof at all,  instead showed that there was none, and that he was lying.   do you genuinely not understand this?   You are aiding enemies of America, you are an enemy of America.
I wonder if the adage “Any press is good press,” still holds?
So, this is how the pillow empire will fall. I knew it would happen some day, just not like this.
Uh, boycotts of MyPillow?  Because that would make sense.  Utter jackass.
https://youtu.be/2q35PgSXhKg
Damn crackheads and their crazy insurrection dreams.
I’ll boycott my pillow any day.
They probably dropped his pillows because they are worthless and didn’t sell.
Excuse me while I head over to Bed Bath and Beyond for some guest towels!
Seriously? I've ONLY seen his products at Walmart. Ever.
well deserved, boycott the pillow guy! idiot!
So Trump turned the whole White House into a pardon business & infomercial.
Is anyone surprised by this?
I fully support the boycott.   I live in Minnesota... wanted to support our local "pillow" company and was going to try their product... that was until I learned just how batshit the founder is.  I will never buy their products because of him.  Trump was just the icing on the cake.  I hope he goes bankrupt and then to jail (eventually).
I’m sure Dems stopped buying them and Trump supporters will go out of their way to find the pillows now.
This guy use to smoke fucking crack! I’m sorry, but the damage has been done.
Wait, hold on. This moron in the private sector, hawking shitty pillows to rubes stupid enough to buy them, is really trying to get his customers to boycott retailers who drop him? I thought it was a free market there, bud! They're already "boycotting" you by dropping your garbage product!  "You can't quit, you're fired!"
I bought one of his pillows and had it shipped to me. I have been ripping bare ass farts into it for months and plan on placing it on his bed at home.. He likely won’t survive the amount of pink eye I have mustered up for him..
It's my first amendment right that Bed, Bath & Beyond be forced to stock my shitty pillows while I openly plan an insurrection!!!!
No boycott!  You're the boycott!
Just buy a COOP Homegoods pillow and never look back.  Best pillow ever.
Can someone explain to me why the MyPillow is supposed to be so great? I have never been inclined to purchase one.
Guess I’ll use my 25% off Kohl’s coupon to buy a Serta Cool Comfort pillow. A real fucking pillow.
On Amazon some of his items offer "free returns" so if you purchased one recently you can get a free UPS return label and send it back at his expense.  It would be rude to buy his "free returns" products just to return them at his expense, of course.
I now understand why my very conservative parents bought our entire family pillows for Christmas.
Time to use my 20% coupons.
I worked at a Kohl’s for a few months in college and hated it. I’ve had some bad jobs, but it was probably the worst.   And yet here I am, finding myself with a modicum of respect for them that I never thought I’d be capable of generating.
Getting advice from a crackhead pillow salesman to pwn the libs.
He steals shitty, easily reproducible pillows.   Oh what a loss!!!!.... /s
I respect the fact that he has all his pillows made here and it’s providing Americans jobs but those pillows are horrible
I mean, its a sure thing that this guy is a scumlord snake oil salesman but his commericals are \*super\* insane. Some dude wakes up after not sleeping well and then the MyPillow Dude is in the mirror telling him about the pillow. The tired guy is ENTIRELY TOO HYPED about this.  After buying the pillow, he returns to the mirror DRESSED EXACTLY LIKE THE MYPILLOW GUY. Electric  blue shirt, collar opened, christian cross extremely obvious.
Maybe he can pull himself up from his boot straps, I’m sure there are plenty of trumpets who can afford to keep him in business. They’re going to need pillows in jail.
It's difficult to say whether stupidity or hypocrisy defines conservatives the most. There are consequences for being a racist Nazi POS? Who would have ever guessed? We can be sure that righties boycotting will be every bit as effective  bringing BB&B, Kohl's to their knees as they were with Disney, Nike, Keurig, etc.
Big pillow is cancelled.
I'll happily join a boycott of My Pillow. Quite frankly, even with BB&B's terrible business model of filling their store with all manner of made for TV crap, I'm surprised that MyPillow was good enough for them at any point.
Fuck him and his pillows
I mean.... no shit they’ll do that?  Is he trying to make people feel bad for him here???
How to kill your business in one easy step.
Do you all want MyPillow guy as president some day? Because putting this guy in the news every time he takes a crap is how you get MyPillow guy as president someday.
I got a steal on a plain white tee at kohl’s. Normally $100 but it was 90% off manufacturer price and I got it for $10!!! Throw me in jail, what a  steal and what a deal!
Well - time to stop by kohls and buy some shit I don’t need.
I can’t believe marines have to protect this guy.
Guess it's time to plan a trip to BBB.
Actions have consequences. What did he expect?
Now I feel bad about not going to kohl’s and BBB!  But they are kind of expensive, and it’s a pain to deal with all their coupons to get a decent deal.  Do I have to go back now to not feel like a trumpster?
Chat shit, get banged.
It's mostly because no one is buying his pillows because they're overpriced generic pillows.
I heard the pillows weren't that great
Ok yes I’m good with boycotting my pillow. Great idea hitler look a like
yes yes the marketplace of ideas
Pluto Tv still plays the commercials.
This same guy calling on trump to implement martial law.  Is this guy a Russian operative? Is his "company" merely a Russian money laundering scheme to get Russian dollars into the country to help with the insurrection?  Much like moscow mitch's Russian owned aluminum plant (in Kentucky) - a funnel for Russian operatives to come into the country and find and fund and train these moron "militias"?  Can't wait for republicans to get out so we can REALLY dig into what the republicans have been doing.
Some people can’t just stfu and take the money.
Huh, I was just at bed bath & beyond yesterday looking at new linen and I saw his advertisement and pillows being sold.
"Boycotts" so unreal,  hello anybody out there, talk about a let them eat cake moment.
If they do start a boycott, I'm heading right over Kohl's and BB+b to spend some serious cash.
Free Markey Capatalism.  Bitch
I can think of 80 million people in the US who won't be buying anything from him.
Sounds like he needs a good night's rest!
Bwahahaha!   Why would retailers not want to be associated with an ex crackhead CEO hellbent on helping a wantabe dictator ruining our democracy? He just invented his new “ Company Killing Euthanasia Pillow, A military grade pillow originally invented to snuff out democracy. You can now have this repurposed pillow that will not only kill your company but also your dignity. Best of all, it was made right here in the USA, Washington DC..”
No way is Karen going to stop going to Khol’s.
Then I shall shop there!
in my best Nelson Voice....Ha Ha!
He was also sued for false advertising for the two for one 'special' pricing that was actually never a limited time deal back in 2016   https://www.nbcnews.com/business/consumer/full-fluff-mypillow-ordered-pay-1m-bogus-ads-n677571
I wouldn’t want these Maga idiots in my stores anyway. Did you see some of the people at the capital attack. I don’t think half of them know what a bedsheet is anyway.
Conservatives can't be upset about this.  This is the free market in action.
Even if I wanted to boycott (which I don’t), Bed, Bath, and Beyond shut down all their stores here. I don’t think pillows are their problem.
How will Bed Bath and Beyond survive without the Proud Boys shopping there?
"You can't boycott me! *I* boycott *you!*"
When I see pictures like the one in the thumbnail, I think about that Marine.  What must he be thinking as he's opening the door for a former cokehead whose drug dealer had to tell him to get clean.  What do they overhear?  Can they ever report anything they hear that sounds like sedition, or is that wrong because the president is the "Commander in Chief"
They did boycott.  That's why you can't sell your pillows.  Geez, this guy is dumb.
>These guys don’t understand,” he went on. “They’re scared. Like a Bed Bath & Beyond, they’re scared. They were good partners. In fact, I told them, ‘You guys come back anytime you want.’”  It's only now these companies decide to drop his brand. Though it's also unsurprising because they need to find a pretty good excuse for it. I doubt they'll come back or they'll wait a year before they bring him back
Good! We should all boycott a company who gives discounts to QAnon conspiracy theorist. Fuck them!!
outing yourself as a dictatorial fanboy who wants an outgoing president to try to illegally seize power through a military coup. . .probably not great for business.
My weirdly religious parents gave my wife and I some of these pillows a while back. We found that when the you light the pillows on fire, the fabric burns away and the foam pellets spill out like the guts of a Tonton, which then burn a pleasant and aromatic seafoam green.
Someone arrest this treasonous crackhead. The guy sucking on that glass dick is one of the presidents last confidants. Sad.
let’s just pray he doesn’t pardon anyone in the next 24hrs, i’ve been checking the news to make sure he hasn’t done anything yet
I got a new job just before Christmas (my industry got fucked) and now I basically sell MyPillows over the phone. It's not the only thing I do, but it's a decent part of my day.   I mean honestly, I try not to let this shit bother me, if anything I just find it all crazy. American co-worker isn't so thrilled though.
Don't you love snowballing in the winter?
Its funny because I'm not American so I've never heard of  MyPillow or the ceo. Out of curiosity I went on the website and the whole thing just looks like a scam website put together in an hour. The Sean Hannity special? Wtf does any of that even mean?  And who would buy this? Its clearly just run of the mill basic pillows and towels.
Are his pillows even any good?   Thinking of getting one of those purple pillows.
Are the pillows any good?
Old crackhead mother fucker
It's a crap company anyway. Grandmother in law bought these, gave em to us, we donated that crap of a product.
tiny violin where are youuuuuu
Cut the nazi's revenue options
Good. This guy is a fucking idiot
And LOL, this guy thinks he's going to run for Minnesota governor
My Pillow guy looks strange without the half buttoned shirt and gold cross hanging off his neck.
This guy is a freaking joke!
What if it’s just not that great of a pillow?
The logo on the box looks like it from the Dating Game in the sixties or My Little Pony 🤪
Isn't that something called Karma!
Wasn’t that guy a crack addict?
Guess we going back to crack? 👀
Can we talk about his cup of takeout coffee? Doesn’t anyone serve coffee in the Oval Office? Or do you only bring your own when you’re going to be busy committing treason?
What’s sad to me is that, according to his commercials, the pillows are American made. So at the end of the day this guy with still be fine financially but his workers will be out of a job.
the invisible hand of the free market at work!  honestly though, its be glad we live in a time when there is more money to be made by favoring progressive-lite causes than Conservatism.
boo fucking whooooo.    This is what you get when you back a treasonous president
Before this nonsense, I was legit gonna try his stupid pillow. He seems so nice in the commercials, with his silk PJs and silly mustache.   I have always wanted to try a premium pillow. I guess this ain't it.
Become a Nazi while you sleep............ ask me how.
Well, bless his heart.
At what point does calling for Martial Law explicitly to void an election become conspiracy to sedition?  Is there any legal precedent?
Surprised he didn’t ask trump to use the insurrection act so he can put his pillows back on their shelves
"Smoke crack. Smoke some fucking crack with me, bro."
Go cry into mein pillow.
Never buying his garbage
Gotta love that free market
maybe there's hope for humanity after all
Destroying your multi-million dollar business to own the libs
*My Bag of Shredded Foam Guy.*
[it is truly an incredible product](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3gfV17wcL8)
Gonna have to spend some money at these two places soon.   Fuck MyPillow.
I’ll be boycotting alright. Boycotting the crappy pillow!
Free market, you seditious turkey.
Wait I thought this was just some silly brand mud-slinging, you're telling me this guy advised Trump on... anything? tf?
Hopefully the board of that company can push him out. He doesn’t personally make the product if they go under a bunch of people will lose their jobs.
Major companies don't want to be linked with sedition. Interesting.
I'm actually more likely to buy from stores who refuse to normalize this stuff.
I will shop at both those stores day and night.  Fuck this crack head and his boycott.
Traitors are bad for business.
Good opportunity to start a business called Not MyPilllow
They are pretty shitty pillows.  Just lumps of foam sprayed into a sack.
Anytime I hear about this douchenozzle I'm reminded that Heinrich Himmler was a magic-believing chicken farmer before he became a high-ranking Nazi official..... maybe he ought to rebrand his company as mein pillow
Good these pillows give all pillows a bad name because they’re so lumpy and uncomfortably shitty oh and fuck Lindell
My thoughts and prayers go out to him 😆
These are the only stores that I’ve seen his product in... ouch
Those pillows are crappy as hell. Those retail stores did a smart thing tbh.
When one of your biggest "celebrity" supporters is the Mypillow guy, you're probably not so well liked.  Tomorrow will be a holiday.
So, you're boycotting something on account of the fact that it's boycotting you. Ironic.
Preachy recovered addicts are the worst.
Fam Kohls is still selling your shit. Just no one is buying it...
I wonder if he will become Trump 2.0... Like Stalin to Lenin.
Reap it you fucking idiot.
Boycotting on behalf of the mypillow guy? What the fuck
Free market economy, bitches!
Wouldn't surprise me if this guy decides to run some day....
For an overpriced pillow, it's decent.
May he and his company crumble and fall.
Aww, poor wittle snowflake.
Well, looks like I’ll be buying from Kohl’s and Bed Beth and Beyond more!
Adobe seems to have no problem hosting his e-commerce operation on Magento.
Like nosy, white, middle-aged Republican women can stay away from Kohl's.
Cool. Gonna go buy new, other pillows at Bed, Bath & Beyond ... But I dunno, I dunno if I’ll have enough time.
[source](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Jokes on him.  BB&B is filing for bankruptcy and going online.
I literally am sending 2 of these cheap fuckin pos pillows back to amazon today! Lmao!
Man, really like the actual pillows, but don’t want to support this assclown or his company anymore. Any good alternatives?
Awwww I feel so bad for him 😿
I’d like to remind people, this guy used to be a crackhead.   He’s probably seen a few up close.
The MyPillow guy is a disgusting hypocrite, with that little cross around his neck. I seriously don't think Jesus approves of people like him and Trump.
Fred Meyer (Kroger) still carries them
Man, I should really check out a bed bath & beyond. It looked so cool in the movie Click
Must be hurting they're two for the price one at Walmart right now.
I predict he will resort to selling pillows by saying they block damaging 5g signals and we will see Trump cultists with his pillows duct taped to their heads walking around.
Good. This is a business doing what it needs to for business purposes. It's what cons would have cheered about 6 years ago if he had been an Obama advisor.
My wife is super picky when it comes to pillows so I reluctantly bought one of this crackheads pillows (happy wife, happy life)... it’s shit.
The bitch of it is that these are great pillows. My mom got me one probably 8 years ago, life changing. At the time, I thought it was weird that the box proclaimed “MIKE IS A CHRISTIAN,” but didn’t give it another thought until I recognized him on TV giving a Covid briefing early on in the pandemic.
Boycott: the most popular, yet most useless form of conservative protest. You can't even get the market you worship to support your views.
Oh no!?  Just buy regular fucking pillows?  How often are we buying pillows these days?
I shall start shopping Kohl’s at once.
Snake pillow salesman can't stop grifting and needs society's help with another dangerous addiction. What a special person....
Guess im shopping at BB&B today
Stop giving this dipshit so much attention
This guys brain must’ve rotted away from all the crack cocaine he used to do
While this is honestly well deserved, it's bittersweet that the US is now taking a page from the Chinese corporate practice book. Remember that just months ago we had all then US companies such as Microsoft, Apple, Tesla and even Google (which has limited market in China) pampering Chinese government and complying blindly to every single demand, because their business depends on a presence there. They make one mistake and they're out the country directly by state intervention.  ...and this guy's is mad because 2 shops won't sell his stuff no more? QQ big sad face!
Didn't the Better Business Bureau have some shit to say about his practices and fake sales prices?
"How DARE they remove his product after the libs threatened to boycot them. We need to teach them a lesson by boycotting them".
Some pillows!  Packing popcorn stuffed into a polyester bag.  Wouldn't take one for free.
The my pillow sucks so bad that when I was manager at a as seen on tv store I literally did not recommend it to customers because if they returned them we just eat the cost cuz we couldn’t resell them.
The pillows are shit anyway.
No wonder. Everyone I know who bought one of these says it was mediocre at best. What a scam artist.
Only after becoming aware the gravy train was reaching the end of the track did the exploiters jump off.
Isn't he like the biggest sponsor for Fox News?
Don't care about someone's political leanings. If the stores don't want to sell the pillows, that's their prerogative.  My household has 3 My Pillows BTW, we love them because they are comfortable
Even in the picture for the article you can see his arrogance. The Marine wearing a mask but of course he could never face his cock lord with one on.
Good.  Let's hope that Costco never sells those pillows again.
Sales have got to have taken a hit. I wouldn't want my store associated with a fascist that calls for martial law and overthrowing a democracy. Amazon, Belk, where are you on this? Do you do business with seditionists?
I am so grateful to everyone that stops selling his shitty pillow foam rags.
Americans putting economic sanctions on each other even
It isn’t necessarily universally true, but as a general rule I’ve noticed that if you have a successful business and want it to stay that way, you should keep your political beliefs private. I can’t even stand bumper stickers for politicians I intend on voting for.
Whats the over under on this guy smoking crack again within a year when my pillow goes out of business?
He's a whacko, I could see it in him when I saw his commercials.  It got wild when he tried to push an unproven drug on Trump and claim it treats COVID.  Now he's walking out of the WH with notes about martial law, quotes from the lunatic Sidney Powell, and removing CIA members.  The corruption is right in our faces, they aren't even trying to hide it.  So I'm glad his pillow is getting taken off the shelves, it gets more criticism than praise anyways, it's just a freaking pillow!
I’m assuming they’re selling what they’ve already purchased but they won’t make any new purchases of inventory.
this guy literally gets a photo of himself pitching an attempted coup plot he's pitching to the president then wonders why he's not so populer .. the plot as pictured was p[retty terrifing it set a whole scenerio in action where false instigators were used to facilitate an emergency martial law declaration .. a staged violence like dicatators use
I remember a time people could have different political views and not be attacked for it. Are we really progressing as a society?
Lose those fucking pillows. He's a creep show
I’m not kidding, that boy’s head is like Sputnik; spherical but quite pointy at parts!  Aye, now that was offsides, now wasn’t it? He’ll be crying himself to sleep tonight, on his huge pillow. Would ya look at the size of that kid’s head! It’s a virtual planetoid and it has it’s own weather system! Looks like an orange on a toothpick!
So the guy has tanked his business
So basically a boycott prompted a boycott?
Bullshit, I was just at BB&B yesterday and they’re still selling tons of MyPillows
I'm shopping at Bed Bath & Beyond more now.
I guess there no such thing as *"bad publicity"* even for pillow sale.
**PillowTical** **Suicide**
Don't forget Costco and their Palmetto Cheese fun also. They'll learn the consequences of a company being vocal one day. Btw, new brand of Pimento cheese at Costco is GOOD!
Mike Lindell is high on the sycophantic, butt-licking scale, so there’s that.
God, I HOPE Trumpers boycott BB&B, maybe then I can grab my Chemex filters without having to deal with anti-maskers in the store
Is this the guy that sounds like he eats 14 cheeseburgers a day?
Seriously, BIDEN won!. Why are you still freaking angry?
THE FREE MARKET HAS SPOKEN!!!!    *turns off tiki torch*
Literally saw this pillow at kohls last week
Dude. If he'd just keep his former crack hole shut...
*"Boycott the Libs and their Communist Cancel Culture!"*
i still don't get why this guy has so much pull. how is he advising trump? on how to sleep comfortably while people die on his watch?
I’m heading over to BBB today.
The free market has spoken.
Is this recent Bc I saw his pillows in kohl’s yesterday.
I don't see how these storefronts are able to survive. Who is shopping for overpriced goods at Bed Bath and Beyond when people are savvy enough these days to get a Ghost bed directly from the manufacturer?
Funny enough his pillows aren’t even comfortable. They’re lumpy and weird like they’re stuffed with ripped apart cheaper pillows.
Correction - If you said that 4 years ago people would have laughed you out of the room.
Last time i went into bed bath (3 months ago) my gf at the time had to stop me from stomping on every single box. Will never buy at bbb ever again. They sold these nazi products for too long
Hotels need many pillows.
I already got a pillow. In fact, the wife has about 30 on our bed. Adios you whack job
On top of all the bullshit this man has said, his pillows are fucking shitty anyway. My friend described his as “it’s like sleeping on a bag of mashed potatoes”
Is this guy’s business publicly traded? Seems like a good time to sell short.
For some reason when I first saw the picture I thought he was bringing a pillow in to the White House.
Sir he needs more blankets!   *more blankets*  Now he needs less blankets!  *less blankets*  - the my pillow guys advice probably
Ok I’ll be honest I saw memes about this guy but I thought he was made up
The markup on those things must be enormous. A few years ago, before I knew who he was, I was in BB&B, and they had a big bin of them next to the checkout. I asked the clerk if they got many returns on them. She rolled her eyes and said, “All the time.” It’s anecdotal, but I doubt my BB&B is unique. Returns are expensive, so that has to be factored into the price.
It’s a good pillow, it’s my pillow
Cant wait for all of the "This You?"s on twitter when people who whined about 'cancel culture' turn around and call for boycotts.
So glad i dont work at kohls anymore, the yallquida in my area are mostly karrens.
Hell, time to give Bed, Bath and Beyond some business.
Gave mucho $$$$$’s to trump’s campaign.  All it took.
That guy's a cocaine addict idiot and his pillows f*cking suck.
My pillow sales have skyrocketed
😡🤬😤 Amazon is still selling it
from crack addict to CEO
I just feel sorry for all of those employees
\*Nelson point and laugh\*
Imagine achieving the level that Marine has achieved, just to hold the door for that loser, or the loser he came to see....  Edit: I’m guessing that’s a Marine
Are his pillows even that great or is it all marketing? I think I know the answer, but curious to see if anyone has used them and liked them.
His product is literal garbage: it's a bag of shredded foam.
I wish Wal-Mart would stop selling his overpriced traitor pillows
Good. Fuck Donald Trump.
Now we gotta get Meijer to stop carrying them
Worst pillow ever. Hope this man looses all his money
gee - i got some money from selling some foam pillows - so let me now go into politics - cause you ought to listen to me cause i'm rich now & can broadcast on tv.   yeh, right - bankruptcy in your future buddy for being so presumptuous
Bought a new mattress about a month ago and they tried to pawn some of those pillows off on us. With a hearty chuckle I said "No way in hell are you selling me those." I could tell the salesmen knew why and he promptly dropped it with a smile.
This is the guy who wants to run for governor of MN
The sad thing people will go out of their way to by these pillows now, because maga
This sounds like a true Trumpster.
When mixing business with politics goes wrong.
The main qualification to be a Trump adviser is to be a Trump taint licker and ball washer.   That’s it.
Might understand pillows. Doesn't understand women.
In other breaking news, he has changed MyPillows to MeinPillows and moved his pillows to neo-nazi web servers.
Oh he is calling for us to boycott his products? Finally he makes sense.
My wife doesn’t follow politics or any of the drama surrounding current events. She got tired of her shitty pillow so she bought a couple of MyPillows a couple of weeks ago. She heard about them on tv so she wanted to check them out. Anyways, when I found out she bought them I told her about Lindell and how he’s a conspiracy theorist. She was legitimately shocked. So naturally everyday I have been giving her shit because she supported a conspiracy theorist and overall nut job for a couple of pillows. It’s good for a laugh, but she knows I’m not letting this down.
Did BBAB and / or Kohl’s make a statement why pulling his pillows.   I ask because I shop at both stores here in last Vegas.  I remember seeing the my pillow in the stores I shop ( they would be hard to miss as the had the own display).  I have not seem it for a long time now.  I would notice because the my pillow guy picture was on the display and he  really creeps me out.      Is possible this item is not in these stores because it is plain and simple, they are shit produce?
Ima boycott you for selling this thing.  Ima boycott you for NOT selling this thing.  So fucked up.
I like the pillows tho
.. all the MORE reason to shop BB&B.
Maybe the actual sales of the products were going to crap. Free market capitalism type of thing. But no, they must carry a shitty product that isn't selling because of feelings.
Good.  Fuck Mike Lindell.
The pillow preferred by terrorists nationwide! Can't blow up Memphis without a good night's sleep!
Imagine boycotting an entire store over one shitty pillow.
He reminds me of the crazy pig guy from kind of the hill that ended up dying
Achieved sobriety through prayer, so he's full of shit to boot. He's still an addict.
I mean, it is a great pillow.
I saw his pillows for sale at Salvation Army store this morning.
I was in bed bath and beyond the other day and noticed those pillows. They were terrible and I don’t really get why anyone would get one. Glad to see them gone.
This guy might be king of the vile. He deserves everything he gets and hope he ends up bankrupt. Best wishes to his employees
Its amazing how far corporate America will let people go before saying 'hey, ya know...maybe reel it in'   Anything for tax cuts. Anything to help avoid contributing to the greater good of this nation.
Could they just drop the product cause it sucks.  Cause ya. It does.
Great! I needed an excuse to spend more money at kohl’s.
Go have a look at [prior recipients](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Presidential_Medal_of_Freedom_recipients). It’s doing good after the MyPillow guy bailed him out. I think supply chain logistics have slowed delivery. The demand for fridges seems to be pretty good at [destroying their own products](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Discontinued_Google_services).
“You can’t boycott me, Im boycotting you!”
Good to know, they will be getting more of  my business in the future
I've had one of those pillows before. Its terrible for your neck. A cinderblock of a pillow something you buy once and use once. That was left behind in an old apartment years ago
Whose pillow? My pillow!
That Marine is like, “Jesus Fucking Christ, if Chesty Puller could see me now...”
Are the pillows decent or no? Seem pricey for a pillow
It's just "shocking" that Walmart continues to sell this garbage...  🤑
I ordered a two pillow set from Coop Homegoods and there is enough extra filling for a third pillow. I might order the replacement liner pieces to make a third one.   (You can add/remove filling from a zippered liner, they come super full and with extra on the side)
Mans is mad cuz he got them tiny hands.
Trump is policitcal and economical kryptonite. When will they learn and drop that hot potato?
Just shut up and sleep.
Not surprising really. If you were someone that was all in with Trumps ideals regardless of how ridiculous or dangerous they were, that automatically made you a prime candidate for an advisory position. Those in place that did not support those mandates were deemed incompetent and fired. Rinse and repeat until the only people around you are lunatics of equal poor values.
I bet a MyPillow display would move some decent product in Chic-fil-a stores
Don’t wipe your ass with your sleeve! ...or pillow for that matter.
Thenoycotters can’t afford to shop these stores and never did, so what
Poor creepy pedo pillow peddler..
It's very strange to witness the Capitalism Ethics achieve more in 10 days than the whole department of Justice in the last 4 years.
I boycotted cheap, over-priced foam pillows long ago.
i don’t think any logical person gives a single fuck what he’s got to say when you consider he sells pillows. where’s the correlation between pillows and politics other than they both start with the letter p
First time i saw one of his late night commercials he seemed a little worse for wear
Mike “the pillow” Lindell. What are all the other mobster names in this movie when I gets made as a gangster flick
*taps Mike Lindell on the head* You can fit so much crack in this baby
All of this politics aside, how is the pillow?
I had this pillow a number of years ago. It’s honestly one of the worst pillows I’ve ever owned. Lumpy as fuck.
Shitty sweat shop pillow CEO learns there is consequences to his actions way into his adulthood, nice.
This must be really new because I saw MyPillow trash in BB&B like 2 days ago.
Kudos to any outlet that discontinues carrying this traitor's products.
I love how campanies are ending their relationships with traitors
Random but my pillow uses the same font as pimp my ride did.
Free market, baby! Don't tell me you're a communist, Mark. Are you against capitalism?
I guess I’m finding new places to buy stuff. In a happy coincidence I just bought vacuum filters from bed bath and beyond and now I feel pride in my decision hahaha
Today feels like a perfect day for some Kohl's shopping.
You always fuck your pillow but never thought you get fucked by your pillow.
i love how the MyPillow guy actually thinks people give a fuck about him
My pillow sucks anyways! I'd rather use TP rolls as a pillow
Good. Fuck that company. I hope they go out of business.
amazing what happens when you Marshall the laws of the 'free market' to your cause
Is he still high or suffering from the after effects? In any case, he should be way down on the list to advise the president.
Good luck. Right wing boycotts have worked sooo well in the past. They don't shop at any of the places or buy any of the things they boycott anyway. The only one that might have made a difference was the camper world boycott but not even that mattered.
Let’s pump those numbers up!
He reminds me of the “wish” man from WW84 hahaha
I like that this idiot is blowing his old grift by trying to build on his current grift of influence peddling.  May he be as broke as his morals when all is said and done.
The amount of Karen’s that plaque their stores will decrease significantly
Kohl’s is also owned by a former hardcore (R) dang
I agree with him, let's boycott My Pillow!  Hey, he just called for boycotts, he didn't say against what entities!
I got two of the MyPillows as gifts.  I tried them for 2 months and toss them in the bin after having crippling neck pain from the things.  People vote with the dollars, and supporting sedition is a good reason to not fund this guy, that and selling crap products.
Never buy crap from this psycho again! Or the mr pillow guy, dump trump
Question, is a boycott the same thing as cancel culture or is there a distinction somewhere? /s
Pussy is trying to pull some Fox News and Trump’s tactics, fuck off mr. pillow shit
Gotta give him credit for at least trying to boycott his own boycott.. Supaaa Powaaa Pirrow man-ah! Is no match for Gojira!
Isnt the guy a former cokehead turned far right religious wackjob?
Isn’t bbandb in bankruptcy? Just get them from Walmart like everyone else, who cares
A better solution is: buy his pillows, open them up, and then return them the next day. Use up all the stock in BBnB, Kohl's, Macy's, etc.
Honestly I have one of those pillows. It’s not that great. BBB and Kohl’s are just getting rid of a shitty product.
What pillow brand is not nazi cult facist bullshit?
Even before he became a Trump advisor he was comedic fodder. https://youtu.be/v1CJxhaBcbg
Trumps just trying to get the most comfortable prison pillow.
Still trying to make sense of why a pillow manufacturer is advising the president... I mean, the guy turned his life around and everything, but not sure why he needs to be advising the president on anything
His pillows suck anyway
Not true. I was at BB&B a few days ago all I can remember is seeing stacks of boxes of My Pillows with his stupid face on them.
I hardly have to boycott crap products that I would never buy - they are clearly pillows stuff with cut foam - that have no benefit other than being inexpensive, and a cadre of shitty associated products.  I would not be surprised if they turn out to be toxic.
Boycott? Sure, I will gladly boycott his products.
I wonder if trump uses those overpriced, shitty excuses for pillows.
MyPillow Guy will be the nextGOP candidate in 2024.  Think I’m kidding?  Watch...
Hit ‘em where it hurts!
Well, well, well, if it isn't the consequences of my own actions.
I live in Ontario and one of the radio DJs on a morning show was doing MyPillow ads for a few years. Then the Trump stuff came out and the ads vanished overnight, never to be spoken of again.
😂😂😂 * insert crying gif from A Christmas Story *
Boycotters are all cooler than the other side of the pillow
WHY WOULD THE FREE MARKET DO THIS TO HIM!   /s
Lol, they waited till he was out before the boycotts, I guess they were scared of retaliation while he was president.
Well I guess I know where I’m shopping this weekend.
How the hell did this guy get so wealthy?
Ive never wished anyone went BACK to being a crackhead before now.
How many avid MyPillow fans does he think he have that a boycott would hurt Bed Bath & Beyond?
My wife bought one of his terrible pillows a few years back. It was the worst pillow I've ever had. Got rid of it immediately. It was just a pillow with cut up foam in it. For the record, It was a spur of the moment purchase she didn't know anything behind the dude.   Even back then seeing his ads on TV gave me weird vibes... He really pushes that he is a "christian" so hard.  Fuck that guy.
My best friend works at Bed Bath & Beyond. I just asked her about this, and she said she was unaware that they were going to get pulled. She says they're a popular sold pillow at her store. She says she's going to ask her boss about it when her next scheduled shift comes up. This must be something very recently decided on. We both aren't complaining.
Shittiest pillow on the shelf- my dog peed on it.
I got kohl’s cash, sorry dude. No boycotting here
Sleep well my chubby friend
Mike lindell is the same clown that in an interview, claimed that while he was using cocaine he was sure that God was allowing him to do this so that he would be able to help others. This guy is so full of s*** I can smell it all the way over here.
Serious question. Are they making military-issue dress blues face masks? Like are they the specific dress blues color/material?
That dude always freaked me out. The prick just uses his golden cross necklace to trick old people into buying his products.
I do not like these pillows. I bought a few and they aren't very good. Bought new ones.
bed bath and beyond is about to have a whole lot of real estate freed up. i was in a store last week and mypillow shit was EVERYWHERE in the entrance to the store
Good. I can still shop there.
What's going on with MyPillow?
yikes there is so many terrible people in this thread.
Damn, I fuckin love my mypillow. Anyone know some alternative brands that have a similar feel?
Were the accusations of Russian collusion false accusations also?
Bonfire of the 20% off coupons.
I think ill go to BB&B and Kohl's and buy something. F My Shitty Trash Pillow dude.
I hate this guy but damn do I love his pillows
Allah is a warrior God. Christians changed to a loving God after Christ. The God of the Jews was a warrior God as well. Might be a good idea to be aware of the personality of the Gods.
That title seems... backwards.  Doesn't the "calls for boycotts" come before stores stopp selling products?
Okay I need to update my chart,  The Right has Femboys, Pizza Inn and MyPillow, the Left has Bed Bath & Beyond, Ben & Jerry's and...like half of Furries?
Karma is a strange bedfellow
The real atrocity is how this guy has so much brand recognition despite his pillows being allegedly dogshit quality
How did this guy get rich and famous from selling a shitty pillow? How is that possible?
Those pillows are kinda shitty lol. Good riddance. Mine lasted one wash before it blew up no pun intended 😂
Oh great. Now where am I gonna not buy all cheap crap I don't need that they sell at every online store in existence?
Darn his scrap pillows are going away?
My wife has promised to triple her Kohls buying.
Look, some folks don’t like losers who support insurrectionist bitches. They are exercising their rights, and he is exercising his in calling for boycotts. Enjoy more losing youMAGAT Qultists
Hell yeah let’s boycott MyPillow. Glad we agree on that.
If only he had something to cry himself to sleep with.
My pillow guy is insane.
Bummer for him, almost as if your actions have consequences, whodathunkit eh.
Poor baby. He still has his life sized cutouts at the My Pillow store in my mall. Four of them.   I cheerfully say, “Fuck you” to each of them as I walk past.
No one cares about Hobby Lobby policy's.
Gotta love the free market.  THIS is why free markets are wonderful.
Boycott his garbage pillows?  Well, if he insisted...
Good! They SHOULD boycott! Then post-pandemic I can go to these stores and know there won’t be any room temperature IQs to sully my shopping experience.
Damn Conservatives really hate when they suffer any consequence
On my way to BBBY right now.
I think liberals should have a “pillow up cycle” event and trash every my pillow they can find. Since we don’t want more global warming, we will have to find moderately angry ways of making them suffer before committing the materials to much more useful tasks than making a failed junkie turned failed pillow salesman turned failed presidential adviser rich...
Frankly when I heard BB&B stopped selling them I made a mental note to go buy something there.  I don’t generally shop at BB&B. I consider it a reverse boycott.  Fuck that guy. I always fucking hated his dumbass ads.
This guy needs to be arrested for sedition
Walked in to my bed bath and beyond and they had a bunch of em.
I will gladly boycott his products.
Huh, I might have to start shopping at BB&B and Kohl's just to support this move.
It isn't 'cancel culture' if you're outed for being an asshole, its just the free market doing its thing.
But what about the free market?! What happened to business owners can do wtf they want with their store?!
I see a timeline where he files for bankruptcy because he's such a skilled business man. Eventually has to file for social welfare programs just as the leopard approaches for some face.
♫*If ya got bad news,*  *you wanna kick them blues,*  *cocaine*♪
I cant wait for the crys of censorship...you can't censor my pillow!
I hope for every customer these companies lose they gain two more.
It’s not cancel culture, it’s a consequence.
He should go to jail for conspiracy at the least.
Love all these pictures of CEOs and shitty republicans walking around the White House maskless while Marines have to hold doors for them and where masks because they actually have uniform requirments.   This is why everyone in my platoon laughed at the guy who bragged about being in Obama’s guard. There’s no “both sides” about it, this admin is beyond terrible and there’s no comparison. But, in general, this status of people do. not. give. a. fuck. about you.   Furthermore, in the military when the people on bottom have to abide by a rule or do something, the people on top have to do it too. Sure there are shitbags, but even if said rule doesn’t apply to them the best leaders will follow it anyway because they lead by example
The conservative take on this in their safe spaces is just incredible.  Not only were conservatives willing to destroy democracy for trump, they’re basically denouncing capitalism itself for him now too (how dare companies decide who to do business with freely!!)  And they’ll tell you they’re not in a cult
Boycott feelings are mutual... group calling for boycott is mad someone else boycotted first? What a bunch of dummies...
My Dad literally looks like the my pillow CEO 20-30 years ago.  Every time I see those commercials I tell my nephews ( I take care of them)” There’s your grandpa!”   Used to be fun but now I’m waiting for my pillow CEO to be indicted and go to prison so I can say to my confused nephews once again “ There’s your grandpa!!!     Going to prison “.
So, less conflict over maskless shopper. Pity.
Welcome to freedom of speech and a free market.  Freedom of speech let's you say almost anything you want. A free market let's people spend their money almost anywhere they want. If you say something people don't support, people will spend their money elsewhere ...
I kind of wish that Amazon stops selling his products also.  He would have to sell his junk on Wish... lol
I don’t understand why some CEOs are this dense. Even if you are a conspiratorial traitor, you will inevitable alienate at least half the US population from your brand by publicly engaging this much. I’m glad he’s revealed who he is though. I’d love to see Walmart follow and drop him as well, as you know Trump supporters cannot resist Walmart!
Does anyone know if there's a list of companies that still support these traitors (including everyone who promoted this insurrection and the lies that lead to it)  and the companies that dropped their support? I'll aim my purchase power accordingly.
Belk is a major retailer?
Explain like I'm not american?
Welcome to capitalism.
Looking forward to reading his retraction and apology soon.
Yeah boycott mypillow
Chill the fuck out. You all sound unhinged. lol.
Rip to the most comfortable gun silencers on the market.
The pillows suck anyway.  Bought two of them years ago and threw them away not long after.
Fuck around find out right??
Irony... Is not something they comprehend...
Big question: did he stage his cross necklace to be perfectly placed like during this interview like on his commercials?
Mike will be back on the streets smoking crack in no time at all.
Good. Where else still sells his products? He wants a boycott, I'm happy to apply one to his retailers.
What is the MyPillow guy advising at the White House? Nap time protocols?
Product is trash anyways. Lumpy ass pillows.
Literally bought pillows two weeks ago. Looked right at the MyPillow and all I could think was FUCK THAT GUY! It’s a shame that politics has transcended to this level, but it’s all totes on that CEO.    Play stupid games, win stupid boycott prizes.
Apparently this guy missed the class on Corporate Social Responsibility.
And Most importantly, My pillow sucks anyway..
His pillows are shit.  Lumpy ass shit.
Of your pillow, you fuck.
Ok now get costco to drop him, too.
I agree with the boycott idea - boycott "My Pillow".
“Corporations are people, my friend.” -Mitt Romney Aug 11, 2011
I finally bought a My Pillow after seeing the commercial for years. This thing is just a bag of cut up mattress topper and its not even filled up enough. Was disappointed.
But I’m already boycotting MyPillow products?
Asshole shows up maskless 🖕🏼
It's easy for everyone to make a big joke out of the pillow guy, but if the floor ever turned into lava he would have a huge advantage.
Words and actions has consequences. Deal with it.
Why is this guy even relevant??? Like-who in the fuck said” hey, we should listen to that crooked- ass pillow dude!”????
Ironically and annoyingly, his commercials still run on CNN all the time.
Nothing says I know about politics, policies, and can be trusted than creating your own pillow company. This world is weird!
What’s with the thumbnail? Lol  Marines don’t need to boycott bed bath and beyond, they’re too poor for that.
But they are boycotting *him*. So would this be a counter-boycott?  What would the answer be? A counter-*counter*-boycott?
I was about to go shopping at BB&B today anyways and now I have extra reason to
The trade federation has invaded Naboo!
Ххггдццц,кио ютжггрре
Boycott Kohl's all you want will just mean you can't use your Kohl's Cash when you come back
I found hair in my new Bed Bath and Beyond bed sheet... 1/5 stars
His MyPillows are so overrated anyway.